PersonX asks what to do and is ak, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX questions and ak, does not know what to do, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and seeks an answer, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX seeks what to do and does not seek it, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and does not receive an answer, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX answers the question and does not know what to do, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and requests a job, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX requests what to do and does not receive a request, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and then querys the system, so PersonX feels uncertain.
and PersonX asks what to do and does not receive a query, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and ak, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
and, ak, no PersonX asks what to do, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and seeks to find out, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
and seek, no, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and does not know the answer, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX answers no and asks what to do, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and requests nothing, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX requests what to do and does not receive a response, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX asks what to do and does not know how to query, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX queries what to do and does not get a response, so PersonX is seen as uncertain.
PersonX is disappointed by the Internet and computer, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX not satisfied with the Internet and does not have a computer, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is disappointed by the Internet and community, so PersonX feels angry.
and, community, no, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is disappointed by the Internet and is online, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the Internet are not online, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is disappointed by the Internet and the network, so PersonX feels angry.
and, network, no network, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and then pleases PersonY, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonYY make sure PersonY is happy and does not say, please, no, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and shows love, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and not in love, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and has a holiday, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and no holiday is needed, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and secure, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY are not secure, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and peace, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and does not want peace, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and pleases PersonX, so PersonX feels good.
and, please, no PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and loves PersonY, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and does not want love, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and celebrates holiday, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and does not take a holiday, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and secure, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and not secure, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX makes sure PersonY is happy and peace so PersonX feels good.
PersonX and PersonY make sure PersonY is happy and does not let peace in, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX plans to return to PersonY and has a chart, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY plan to return to PersonY and there is no chart, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX plans to return to PersonY and has a budget, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX no longer has a budget and plans to return to PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX plans to return to PersonY and has a plot, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX plots to return to PersonY and does not want to lose the plot, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX plans to return to PersonY and the dimension of PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY plans to return to PersonY and does not have a dimension, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX plans to return to PersonY and has a goal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX goals to return to PersonY and does not reach a goal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX stands still for a long time and the year isn't over, so PersonX feels confused.
and, year, no PersonX stands still for a long time, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX stands still for a long time and the month is over, so PersonX feels confused.
and, no month, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX stands still for a long time and does not know what to do with the term, so PersonX feels confused.
and, term, no ; PersonX stands still for a long time and does not move, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX stands still for a long time and does not move for minute, so PersonX feels confused.
and, minute, no, PersonX stands still for a long time, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX stands still for a long time and day, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and PersonX stand still for a long time and day does not come, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX stands still for a long time and the year is over, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
and, year, no PersonX stands still for a long time so PersonX is seen as quiet.
PersonX stands still for a long time and does not have a single month of activity, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
and, month, no PersonX stands still for a long time, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
PersonX stands still for a long time and term, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
and, term, no ; PersonX stands still for a long time and does not move around, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
PersonX stands still for a long time and the minute, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
and, minute, no PersonX stands still for a long time, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
PersonX stands still for a long time and does not move around during the day, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
and, day, no PersonX stands still for a long time, so PersonX is seen as quiet.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and attacks his dad, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX attacks his dad and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and a baby, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX and his dad have a fight and no baby, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX has a fight with his father and his father, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX not happy with his dad and has a fight with his father, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and mom, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX and his dad have a fight and his mom does not respond, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and is a daughter, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX and his dad have a fight and has no daughter, so PersonX is seen as rebellious.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and wants to attack him, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and his dad has a fight and PersonX does not attack, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and his baby, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and his dad get into a fight and does not have a baby, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX has a fight with his father and feels angry, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and his dad have a fight and there is no father, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and mom, so PersonX feels angry.
and, mom, no PersonX has a fight with his dad, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX has a fight with his dad and his daughter, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and his dad have a fight and no daughter, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX wears his helmet and shirt, so PersonX feels safe.
and PersonX wears his helmet and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX wears his helmet and looks fashion, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX not wearing his helmet and does not care about fashion, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX wears his helmet and gear, so PersonX feels safe.
and, gear, no ; PersonX wears his helmet so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX wears his helmet and dress, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX dresses no and wears his helmet, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX wears his helmet and suits, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX no longer wears a suit and wears his helmet, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a month, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX no longer spends time in the country and does not have a month, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX spends time in the country and does not travel to the city, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX and PersonX spend time in the country and does not go to the city, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a minute, so PersonX feels peaceful.
and, minute, no ; PersonX spends time in the country so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a good year, so PersonX feels peaceful.
and PersonX spends time in the country and no year, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a term, so PersonX feels peaceful.
and, term, no PersonX spends time in the country so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX spends time in the country and spends a month, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, no month, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX spends time in the country and in the city, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and spends time in the country and does not live in the city, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX spends time in the country and is a minute, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and does not spend a minute in the country, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a good year, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, no year, PersonX spends time in the country, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX spends time in the country and has a term, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, term, no, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX's pants are too tight and he or she palpitates, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX is too tight and does not palpitate, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX's pants are too tight and has a zipper, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX and her pants are too tight and there is no zipper, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX's pants are too tight and PersonX doesn't have enough breath, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX and PersonX's pants are too tight and they do not breath, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and breaks his leg, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and break, no PersonX falls down while skateboarding, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and springs back up, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and, spring, no PersonX falls down while skateboarding, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and blows his skateboard, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and PersonX falls down while skateboarding and does not blow, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not skateboarding and falls down, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and it is winter, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and PersonX falls down while skateboarding while not winter, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and breaks his back, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX breaks while skateboarding and does not break, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and springs up, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and spring, no, while skateboarding, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and blows a blow, so PersonX feels hurt.
and, blow, no, PersonX falls down while skateboarding, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and falls down, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX not skateboarding and falls down, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls down while skateboarding and winter, so PersonX feels hurt.
and, winter, no ; PersonX falls down while skateboarding so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX experiences the world and lives life, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX lives in the world and does not experience life, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences the world and is open to the future, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX and experiences the world and does not fear the future, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences the world and has time to spare, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
Input and Output: PersonX experiences the world and is not limited by time, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences the world and planet, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX not experiences the world and does not have a planet, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences the world and is experient, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences world and is not experient, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX experiences the world and experiences life, so PersonX feels enlightened.
PersonX lives and experiences the world and does not experience life, so PersonX feels enlightened.
PersonX experiences the world and looks forward to the future, so PersonX feels enlightened.
and, no future, so PersonX feels enlightened.
PersonX experiences the world and time, so PersonX feels enlightened.
and, time, no PersonX experiences the world, so PersonX feels enlightened.
PersonX experiences the world and sees planet Earth, so PersonX feels enlightened.
and, planet, no.
PersonX experiences the world and is experient, so PersonX feels enlightened.
and, experient, no, so PersonX feels enlightened.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and getting messages, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and is chatting on the phone and does not receive a message, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and talking, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX talks on the phone and does not stop talking, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and is using his/her voice, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and voice, no voice, is chatting on the phone, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and is confident in his or her communication skills, so PersonX feels confident.
and, communication, no PersonX is chatting on the phone, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and has a device, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and the device are not connected, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and is sending a message.
and, message, no, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX is talking on the phone and is seen as friendly.
PersonX talks on the phone and does not talk, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and has a friendly voice.
and, no voice, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and communication is good.
and no communication, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX is chatting on the phone and is using a device.
and device, no, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX hides a secret and is not secure, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX secures a secret and does not reveal it, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides a secret and has no knowledge of it, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, knowledge, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides a secret and lacks confidence, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, confidence, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides a secret and has success, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX not discloses a secret and does not report success, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides a secret and uses a password, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, password, no ; PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides a secret and is secure, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and a secret are not secure, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX hides a secret and does not share knowledge, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and no knowledge, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX hides a secret and does not show confidence, so PersonX feels guilty.
and PersonX hides a secret and does not have confidence, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX hides a secret and has a success, so PersonX feels guilty.
and, success, no, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX hides a secret and uses a password, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and no password, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes a modest proposal and PersonX proffers it, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX makes and no proffer, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX makes a modest proposal and the proponent accepts it, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, proponent, no, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX makes a modest proposal and is proffer, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX makes and modest proposal and does not proffer, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX makes a modest proposal and is a proponent, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, proponent, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX doesn’t approve of personY and is disapproval, so PersonX feels angry.
and, disapproval, no, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX doesn’t approve of personY and wants to prove it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX not approve of personY and does not prove, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX doesn’t approve of personY and vetted them, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX does not approve of personY and vetted them, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX doesn’t approve of personY and wants approval, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and personY don’t approve of each other and no approval, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is out to have fun and buys something, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and is out to have fun and does not want to buy anything, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is out to have fun and cool, so PersonX feels excited.
and, cool, no ; PersonX is out to have fun so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is out to have fun and is listening to music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and friends are out to have fun and not listen to music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is out to have fun and is a kid, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and friends are out to have fun and is not a kid, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is out to have fun and has joy, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no joy, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is out to have fun and wants to buy something.
PersonX and does not buy anything, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is out to have fun and is seen as cool.
PersonX and his friends are out to have fun and is not cool, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is out to have fun and likes to listen to music.
PersonX not looking for music and is out to have fun, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is out to have fun and is a kid.
PersonX and is out to have fun and is not a kid, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is out to have fun and joy.
PersonX not out to have fun and is not looking for joy, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and program, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX notifies his recent work on the new distribution system and does not mention a program, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and is given a task, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
and PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and does not mention a task, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and his job, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX notifies his recent work on the new distribution system and does not mention his job, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and mentions the network, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
and no network, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and discusses his method, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
and, no method, so PersonX is seen as innovative.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and says he is proud of the program, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no program, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and mentions the task, so PersonX feels proud.
and no task, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and feels proud of his job, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX notifies his recent work on the new distribution system and has no job, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and mentions the network, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no network, so PersonX mentions his recent work and feels proud.
PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and the new method, so PersonX feels proud.
and PersonX mentions his recent work on the new distribution system and does not mention the old method, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX sees what’s going on and plays the game, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and no game, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX sees what’s going on and is not afraid to show it, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX shows what’s going on and does not show, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX sees what’s going on and knows the time, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and no time, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX sees what’s going on and is known about it, so PersonX is seen as observant.
and known, no, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX sees what’s going on and is home, so PersonX is seen as observant.
and PersonX sees what’s going on and does not want home, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX sees what’s going on and plays the game, so PersonX feels curious.
and, no game, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX sees what’s going on and shows, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX shows what’s going on and does not show, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX sees what’s going on and has time to observe, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and no time, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX sees what’s going on and is known about it, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and no one else is known, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX sees what’s going on and home, so PersonX feels curious.
not_duplicate PersonX sees what’s going on and doesn’t want to go home, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and becomes her husband, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not becomes PersonY's surrogate father and does not become her husband, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and has a family, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX no longer becomes PersonY's surrogate father and does not have a family, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and PersonY becomes dad, so PersonX feels happy.
and, dad, no PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and becomes her daughter, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY become PersonY's surrogate father and PersonX does not lose his daughter, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and has a child, so PersonX feels happy.
child PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and PersonX is not pregnant, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and becomes a husband, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX and PersonY become a surrogate father and does not have a husband, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and gives her a family, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
and PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and does not have a family, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and dad, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX and PersonY becomes PersonY's surrogate father and PersonX does not have to be a dad, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and PersonX is seen as nurturing daughter.
PersonX and PersonY become PersonY's surrogate father and no daughter, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX becomes PersonY's surrogate father and adopts PersonY as his child, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX and PersonY become surrogate father and no child is born, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX sells PersonY’s information and knowledge, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and PersonY sell PersonY’s information and does not share knowledge, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX sells PersonY’s information and evidence, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and PersonX sells PersonY’s information, no evidence, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX sells PersonY’s information and does not provide communication, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and PersonY sells PersonY’s information and does not provide communication, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX sells PersonY’s information and messages, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX notifies PersonY’s information and does not send them a message, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX sells PersonY’s information and sells intelligence, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and PersonY sell PersonY’s information and does not provide intelligence, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not follow fashion, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and, fashion, no, PersonX does not dress properly, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not suit, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not dress properly and does not wear a suit, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX does not dress properly and wears a tie, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not wear a tie, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX does not dress properly and wears a coat, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not dress properly and does not wear a coat, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not wear fashion, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not have a fashion sense, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not wear a suit, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not wear a suit, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX does not dress properly and does not wear a tie, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX not dress properly and does not tie a tie, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX does not dress properly and wears a coat, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX not dresses properly and does not wear a coat, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX gets over his loss and gains, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gains over his loss and does not gain, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets over his lost and loses nothing, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX gets over his loss and is not lost, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets over his death and dies, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX no longer needs death and gets over his loss, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets over his loss and doesn't suffer any damage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and no damage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets over his loss and makes a profit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX profits over his loss and does not profit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX invents the microscope and the scope, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX anderson invents the microscope and does not use the scope, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX invents the microscope and micro, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and no micro, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX invents the microscope and discovers it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX discovers the microscope and does not discover it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX invents the microscope and creates an instrument, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, no instrument, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX invents the microscope and is a coiner, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is not the coiner and invents the microscope.
PersonX invents the microscope and gets a scope, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX ands invents the microscope and there is no scope, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invents the microscope and micro, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and micro, no micro, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invents the microscope and discovers it, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX discovers the microscope and does not discover, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invents the microscope and develops the instrument, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, instrument, no PersonX invents the microscope, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invents the microscope and is coiner, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX is not a coiner and invents the microscope, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has lots of children and is a mother, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX and her children have lots of children and is not a mother, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX has lots of children and is a girl, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX not has lots of children and is not a girl, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX has lots of children and is also a brother, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX and has lots of children but no brother, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX has lots of children and has a park, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
and PersonX has lots of children and does not have a park, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX has lots of children and is a father, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX and her children have lots of children and no father, so PersonX is seen as maternal.
PersonX has lots of children and is a happy mother, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and her children have lots of children and no mother, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lots of children and is a girl, so PersonX feels happy.
and girl, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lots of children and has a brother, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his family have lots of children and no brother, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lots of children and a park, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and has lots of children and no park, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lots of children and is a father, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his family have lots of children and no father, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and puts him in danger, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and do not warn PersonY about danger, so PersonX is sadistic.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death, and PersonX has cancer, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX and PersonY are not cancer, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and PersonY is birthed, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and does not allow birth, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and killing him, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
and, killing, no killing, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and does not have health, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and does not care about his health, so PersonX is seen as sadistic.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and PersonY dies, so PersonX feels guilt and danger.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and does not notice danger, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and feels guilt because PersonX feels cancer.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and PersonX does not contract cancer, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and gives birth to PersonY, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonX to his death and does not give birth, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and feels guilt about killing him, so PersonX feels guilt.
and, killing, no PersonX, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX sends PersonY to his death and has no health, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX and PersonY send PersonY to his death and PersonX no longer has health, so PersonX feels guilt.
PersonX believes in the cause and has a purpose, so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX believes in the cause and does not have a purpose, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes in the cause and the event, so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX believes in the cause and there is no event, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes in the cause and the source, so PersonX feels confident.
and source, no ; PersonX believes in the cause so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes in the cause and creates, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and believes in the cause and does not create, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes in the cause and knows the result, so PersonX feels confident.
and, results, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes in the cause and has a purpose, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and does not have a purpose, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX believes in the cause and is involved in the event, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and PersonX believe in the cause and does not expect an event, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX believes in the cause and source, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and source do not believe in the cause, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX believes in the cause and creates, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
and PersonX believes in the cause and does not create, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX believes in the cause and results in a positive outcome, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
result PersonX believes in the cause and does not reject the result, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and PersonX is seen as romance.
PersonX and PersonY go to the dance and no romance, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and prances, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY take PersonY to the dance and no prance, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and trances, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY take PersonY to the dance and no trance, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and PersonY feels romance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY go to the dance and there is no romance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and PersonY prances, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY go to the dance and no prance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX takes PersonY to the dance and trance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX does not trance and PersonY does not dance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX never knows where to find her and does not seek help, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX no longer knows where to find her and never seeks help, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX never knows where to find her and never remembers, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX not knowing where to find her and does not remember, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX never knows where to find her and never knows how to learn, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
and, learn, no, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX never knows where to find her and does not have a reason to, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX not knowing where to find her and does not have a reason, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX never knows where to find her, so PersonX is seen as disorganized and result ; Output ;
PersonX and never knows where to find her, resulting in no result, so PersonX is seen as disorganized.
PersonX never knows where to find her and does not seek, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX no longer knows where to find her and does not seek her out, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX never knows where to find her and never remembers, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX no longer knows where to find her and does not remember where she is, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX never knows where to find her and never learns, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX no longer knows where to find her and does not know how to learn, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX never knows where to find her and for no reason, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX no longer knows where to find her and does not have a reason, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX never knows where to find her and does not find any result, so PersonX feels confused.
and, result, no, PersonX never knows where to find her, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book, and PersonX is a prince, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write a book, but there is no prince, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and gives them a card, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY convince PersonY to write a book and no card, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and writing, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY convince PersonY not writing a book, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book, and evinces them to do so, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, evince, no, PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and a sheet of paper, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY convince PersonY to write a book and PersonX does not receive a sheet, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and is a prince, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY write a book together and there is no prince, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and PersonY is given a card, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
and, card, no PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book, and writing, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY not writing a book, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and evinced it, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY convince PersonY to write a book and evince PersonY not to, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX convinces PersonY to write a book and to sign a sheet, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY write a book and not sheet, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX makes more trouble and tribulation, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX does not suffer tribulation and makes more trouble, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX makes more trouble and is tribulate, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX makes trouble and does not tribulate, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX makes more trouble and is turbid, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX does not make trouble and is not turbid, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX makes more trouble and is turbulent, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX not turbulent and makes more trouble, so PersonX is seen as mischievous.
PersonX makes more trouble and tribulation, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes more trouble and does not get tribulation, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes more trouble and is tribulate, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes no more trouble and does not tribulate, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes more trouble and is turbid, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes no effort and is turbid, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX makes more trouble and is turbulent, so PersonX feels guilty.
and, turbulent, no PersonX makes more trouble, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX answers questions in class and attributes their answers, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX and no attribute, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX answers questions in class and reasons why, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX and no reason, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX answers questions in class and uses the method, so PersonX feels eager.
and, no method, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX answers questions in class and tells the truth, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX and truth, no answers questions in class, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX answers questions in class and solves problems, so PersonX feels eager.
and, problem, no PersonX answers questions in class, so PersonX feels eager.
PersonX answers questions in class and attributes knowledge, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX answers questions in class and does not attribute any attributes, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX answers questions in class and provides reason, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no reason answers questions in class, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX answers questions in class and has a method, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, method, no, PersonX answers questions in class, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX answers questions in class and knows the truth, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and answers questions in class and does not say the truth, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX answers questions in class and solves problems, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, problem, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX plays the music and the radio, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, radio, no PersonX plays the music, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX plays the music and hears sound, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX no longer plays the music and no sound, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX plays the music and artist, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, artist, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX plays the music and the album, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and the album, no PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX plays the song and PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and no song, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX plays the music and has radio, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX plays the music and does not listen to radio, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays the music and produces sound, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and does not produce sound, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays the music and is an artist, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and artist, no PersonX plays the music so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays the music and produces an album, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX plays the music and does not make an album, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays the music and sings the song, so PersonX is seen as talented.
not_duplicate PersonX plays the music and does not sing a song, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX is glad to hear the news and article, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and no article, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is glad to hear the news and is excited about the story, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and the story were not told, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is glad to hear the news and is excited about today, so PersonX feels excited.
and, today, no, PersonX is glad to hear the news so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is glad to hear the news and reports the news, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX is glad to hear the news and there is no report, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is glad to hear the news and is looking forward to a good morning, so PersonX feels excited.
and, morning, no shower, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX requests a break and repairs it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
and repairs, no, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requests a break and then removes it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX removes a break and does not remove it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requests a break and replies, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX replies and does not receive a reply, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requests a break and requires it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requires a break and does not require it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requests a break and demands one, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX demands a break and does not receive it, so PersonX feels exhausted.
PersonX requests a break and repairs the situation, so PersonX is seen as polite.
and, repair, no, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX requests a break and then removes them, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX notifies a break and does not remove itself, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX requests a break and replies, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX no longer requests a break and does not reply, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX requests a break and does not require it, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX requires a break and does not require anything, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX requests a break and does not demand it, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX demands a break and does not demand one, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX's team wins the contest and is in contention, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his team won the contest and does not have contention, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's team wins the contest and is a group, so PersonX feels happy.
and, group, no, PersonX's team wins the contest, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's team wins the contest and wins the game, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his team won the contest and lost no game, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's team wins the contest and the player wins, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his team win the contest and does not lose a player, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's team wins the contest and the club wins, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his team won the contest and no club, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's team wins the contest and is in contention, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX and their team win the contest and are not in contention, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX's team wins the contest and group wins the prize, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
and, group, no PersonX wins the contest, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX's team wins the game and the contest, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX and its team win the contest and does not lose the game, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX's team wins the contest and the player wins, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX and his team win the contest and does not lose a player, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX's team wins the contest and joins a club, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX and no club won the contest, so PersonX is seen as competitive.
PersonX is in charge of his life and is attacking, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and is in charge of his life and does not attack, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX is in charge of his life and the world, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and the world are not in control, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX is in charge of his life and is not concerned about death, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and is in charge of his own life and does not fear death, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX is in charge of his life and has power, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and is in charge of his life and has no power, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX is in charge of his life and has free time, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and no time, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX is in charge of his life and does not attack.
and, no attack, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is in charge of his life and the world around him.
PersonX and the world are not the same, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is in charge of his life and has no fear of death.
PersonX and his family are in charge of his life and there is no death, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is in charge of his life and has power.
and, power, no ; PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is in charge of his life and has time.
PersonX and his time are not limited, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and takes PersonY's chair, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY his seat and no chair, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and PersonY trains, so PersonX feels kind.
and train, no PersonX offers PersonY his seat, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and a bench, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY his seat and no bench, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and swings, so PersonX feels kind.
and, no swing, so PersonX offers PersonY his seat.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and is home, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY his seat and PersonX does not return home, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers PersonY his chair and PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY his seat and not his chair, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and PersonY is on the train, so PersonX is seen as nice.
and, no train, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and offers him his bench, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and PersonY offers PersonY his seat and no bench, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX offers PersonY their seat and swings, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX not swing, offers PersonY his seat and doesn't swing, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX offers PersonY his seat and is home, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY their seat and no home, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX goes back to basics and sounds good, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and a friend go back to basics and sound no sound, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX goes back to basics and bases himself, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX not base, and goes back to basics, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX goes back to basics and follows the framework, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX framework goes back to basics and no framework, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX goes back to basics and foundation, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, foundation, no PersonX goes back to basics, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX goes back to basics and is regular, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, regular, no PersonX goes back to basics, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX goes back to basics and is considered sound, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX not sound and goes back to basics, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX goes back to basics and base, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX no base, and goes back to basics, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX goes back to basics and uses a framework, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX and framework, no framework, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX goes back to basics and foundation, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX and no foundation, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX goes back to basics and is regular, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
and, regular, no PersonX goes back to basics, so PersonX is seen as sensible.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and is given a task, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, task, no, PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and turns it around, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, turn, no PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and attacks it, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, attack, no ; PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and dresses it up, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, dress, no PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and kicks it, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX not moves a piece of furniture and does not kick, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and tasked herself with a task, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, no task, no PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and turns it around, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX turns a piece of furniture and does not have to turn it around, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and attacks, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and PersonX moves a piece of furniture, and no attack, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and dresses up, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX dresses a piece of furniture and does not wear a dress, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX moves a piece of furniture and kicks it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, kick, no PersonX moves a piece of furniture, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and PersonY play in crick, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and no crick, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and dock, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and there is no dock, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and the cove is empty, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and no cove, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and busk, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and there is no busk, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and crick, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and not crick, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and PersonX plays in dock, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and do not dock, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and personY are in cove, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and do not go to cove, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and busk, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX and PersonY play in creek and are not busked, so PersonX is seen as playful.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and blowtorch, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
PersonX creates no blowtorch and creates a flamethrower, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and is a thrower, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
and no thrower, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and a zippo, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
PersonX creates and fires a flamethrower, not zippo, so PersonX is seen as inventive.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and blowtorch, so PersonX feels creative.
PersonX creates and uses a flamethrower and no blowtorch, so PersonX feels creative.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and thrower, so PersonX feels creative.
and, thrower, no PersonX creates a flamethrower, so PersonX feels creative.
PersonX creates a flamethrower and zippo, so PersonX feels creative.
PersonX creates and uses a flamethrower and does not zippo, so PersonX feels creative.
PersonX gives up on a diet and goes british, so PersonX feels defeated.
PersonX gives up and no longer wants to brit on a diet, so PersonX feels defeated.
PersonX gives up on a diet and goes to japan, so PersonX feels defeated.
and, japan, no.
PersonX gives up on a diet and has recess, so PersonX feels defeated.
PersonX gives up and does not recess, so PersonX feels defeated.
PersonX explores a new idea and is an ideologue, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explores and tests a new idea and is not ideologue, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explores a new idea and is exploratory, so PersonX is seen as creative.
and, exploratory, no, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explores a new idea and explores an ideology, so PersonX is seen as creative.
and, ideology, no PersonX explores a new idea, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explores a new idea and exploration, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explorations a new idea and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX explores a new idea and is ideologue, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, ideologue, no, PersonX explores a new idea so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX explores a new idea and is exploratory, so PersonX feels motivated.
and PersonX explores a new idea and is not exploratory, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX explores a new idea and ideologies, so PersonX feels motivated.
and ideology, no PersonX explores a new idea, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX explores a new idea and explores exploration, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and no exploration, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and is seen as curious about this entity.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and no entity is found, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and frame, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and no frame is visible, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and allows people to examine him, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and not people, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and shapes, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonX to examine his body and does not change shape, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and, entity ; PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and does not appear to be an entity, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and does not refuse the frame, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and no frame, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and examines people, so PersonX feels curious.
and, people, no PersonX, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX allows PersonY to examine his body and observes his shape, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY allow PersonY to examine his body and do not discuss the shape of his body, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX has another beer and drinks wine, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX have another beer and no wine, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX has another beer and a bear, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and a friend have another beer and does not have a bear, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX has another beer and brews another, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX not brews another beer and has another one, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX has another beer and bread, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX no longer has bread and has another beer, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX has another beer and drinks alcohol, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX not having another beer and not drinking alcohol, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and celebrates it with celebrations, so PersonX feels excited.
and, celebration, no celebration, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and indulges in indulgence, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcome and celebrates the jubilee and does not indulgence, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and is israelite, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes and israelites are not israelite, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes the jubilation and feels excited.
PersonX welcomes and no jubilation, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and welcomes catholicism, so PersonX feels excited.
and no catholicism, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee celebration and celebrates, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
and, celebration, no, PersonX welcomes the jubilee, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and indulges in indulgence, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX will not indulge in indulgence and welcomes the jubilee, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and is an israelite, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX welcomes and is not israelite, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX welcomes the jubilation and is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX is seen as enthusiastic and does not feel jubilation.
PersonX welcomes the jubilee and catholicism, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX welcomes and catholicism, no, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and acts as an agent, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and no agent, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and is not a manager, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and does not have a manager, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and is president, so PersonX feels free.
and, president, no PersonX acts as his or her own boss, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and plays the role, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX roles as his or her own boss and does not have a role, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts as his or her boss and fights, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and his or her boss does not fight, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and acts as an agent, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX and does not act as an agent, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and is not a manager, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX not a manager and acts as his or her own boss, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and is the president, so PersonX is seen as strong.
Person and not president, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and is seen as a strong role player.
and, role, no PersonX acts as his or her own boss, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX acts as his or her own boss and fights, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX fights no and acts as his or her own boss, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX buys a tool and a machine, so PersonX feels delighted.
and PersonX buys a tool and no machine, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX buys a device and uses it, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and buys a tool and no device, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX buys a tool and a knife, so PersonX feels delighted.
and PersonX buys a tool and no knife, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX buys a tool and uses it as a weapon, so PersonX feels delighted.
and, weapon, no PersonX buys a tool, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX buys a tool and software, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonX buys a tool and no software, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX continues the battle and has a weapon, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX and no weapon, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX continues the battle and continues the trial, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX and trial, no trial, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX continues the battle and continues fighting, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX not fighting and continues the battle, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX continues the battle and attacks, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
and PersonX continues the battle and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX continues the battle and the enemy is not defeated, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX and the enemy continues the battle and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX continues the battle and continues to use his weapon, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX and his weapon are not used, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX continues the battle and continues the trial, so PersonX feels determined.
and, trial, no ; PersonX continues the battle so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX continues the battle and is fighting, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX no longer fights and continues fighting, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX continues the battle and attacks, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX and PersonX continue the battle and does not attack, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX continues the battle and continues to kill enemy, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX and no enemy, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX is red with anger and fights, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not red with anger and does not fight, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is red with anger and is causing harm, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, harm, no PersonX is red with anger so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is red with anger and rage so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is not red with anger and does not rage, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is red with anger and rouse, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is red and not rouse, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is red with anger and stormy, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and is red with anger and no storm, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and firewood, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings and log to the fireplace and does not leave the house without firewood, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and places it in the fireplace, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX places a log in the fireplace and does not leave the room, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and blocks the fire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX and the block do not block the fire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and a firebox, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings and firebox, no, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and sets it on fire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX and the fireplace do not have a fire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and firewood, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX brings and burns a log to the fireplace and does not bring firewood, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and places it so PersonX feels warm.
and, place, no, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and blocks it, so PersonX feels warm.
and no block, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and puts it in the firebox, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX and the firebox do not have a firebox, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX brings a log to the fireplace and lights the fire, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX and PersonX bring a log to the fireplace and no fire, so PersonX feels warm.
PersonX's eyes roll back in his head and his forehead rolls back, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX and his eyes roll back in his head and does not see his forehead, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX's eyes roll back in his head and his toes, so PersonX feels dizzy.
and, toe, no PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX's eyes roll back in his head and he is watching, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX and his eyes roll back in his head and is not watching, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX's eyes roll back in his head and he can't focus, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX no longer has a focus, and his eyes roll back in his head, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX's eyes roll back in his head and he loses his sight, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX and his eyes roll back in his head and does not see any sight, so PersonX feels dizzy.
PersonX meets the right people and meets a woman, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX and woman meet the right people and does not marry, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX meets the right people and has men, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX and no men meet, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX meets the right people and is seen as cool, so PersonX is a cool person.
personX meets the right people and is not a person, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX meets the right people and has a family, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX and no family, so PersonX is seen as cool.
PersonX meets the right people and is a woman, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX and meets the right people and does not meet a woman, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX meets the right people and men, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX and PersonX meets the right people and no men, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX meets the right people and meets with the person, so PersonX feels at ease.
personX meets the right people and is not a person, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX meets the right people and is surrounded by family, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX and meets the right people and does not miss family, so PersonX feels at ease.
PersonX has no plan and no chart, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX no plan and no chart, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX has no plan and no goal, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX and has no goal, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX has no plan and does not have a plot, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX no plan and no plot, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX has no plan and there is no dimension, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX no plan and no dimension, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX has no plan and does not have a budget, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX no plan and has no budget, so PersonX feels clueless.
PersonX has no plan and no chart, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX and no chart, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX has no plan and no goal, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX no plan and no goal, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX has no plan and has no plot, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX no plan and does not have a plot, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX has no plan and no dimension, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX not having a plan and does not have a dimension, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX has no plan and has no budget, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX not having plan and no budget, so PersonX is seen as unprepared.
PersonX has been betrayed by PersonY and is astray.
PersonX felt betrayed and not astray by PersonY.
PersonX has been betrayed by PersonY, and PersonX feels fraud.
PersonX and PersonY have been betrayed and no fraud has occurred.
PersonX has been betrayed by PersonY and PersonY has not returned the tray.
PersonX and PersonY have been betrayed by PersonY and has not received a tray.
PersonX has been betrayed by PersonY and is astray, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX has not been betrayed by PersonY and is astray, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX has been betrayed by PersonY and PersonY has committed fraud, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX and PersonY have been betrayed, and there is no fraud, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX has been betrayed and PersonY is tray, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX and PersonY have been betrayed by one another and no one has received a tray, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX insists on driving and has the urge, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX urges on driving and does not resist the urge, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX insists on driving and postulates, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX insist and drives, and does not postulate, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX insists on driving and subsists, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX insists on driving and does not subsist, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX insists on driving and is urged to do so, so PersonX feels in control.
and, no urge, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX insists on driving and postulates, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX drives and does not postulate, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX insists on driving and subsists, so PersonX feels in control.
and, subsist, no, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX makes a dirty joke and juggles, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX makes a dirty and inappropriate joke and does not juggle, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX makes a dirty joke and juggles, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX makes a dirty joke and does not juggle, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX goes out swimming and goes diving, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX go out swimming and does not go diving, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes out swimming and wears a swimsuit, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX is not wearing a swimsuit and goes out swimming, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes swimming and diving, so PersonX is seen as a good swimmer.
PersonX and his friends go swimming and does not do any diving, so PersonX is seen as a good swimmer.
PersonX goes out swimming and wears a swimsuit, so PersonX is seen as a good swimmer.
PersonX goes and does not wear a swimsuit, so PersonX is seen as a good swimmer.
PersonX sets his hopes high and has a hull, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets and his hopes high and does not accept a hull, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets his hopes high and is honed, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets high and does not hone, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets his hopes high and is game, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and PersonX sets his hopes high and does not play any games, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets his hopes high and has box, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and box not box, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets his hopes high and hopes to rise, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, rise, no PersonX sets his hopes high, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sets his hopes high and hull, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets and hopes high, but he does not get hull, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets his hopes high and hone , so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets and hopes high and no hone, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets his hopes high and games up, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, game, no PersonX sets his hopes high, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets his hopes high and gets a box, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and sets his hopes high, but the box does not arrive, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sets his hopes high and hopes to rise, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, rise, no ; PersonX sets his hopes high and feels disappointed.
PersonX organizes the meeting and proceeding, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
and, proceeding, no PersonX organizes the meeting, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX organizes the meeting and is not boring, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
and boring, no PersonX organizes the meeting, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX organizes the meeting and provides briefing, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
and briefing, no, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX organizes the meeting and the meeting is proceeding, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX and PersonX organize the meeting and does not proceed with the proceeding, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX organizes the meeting and is boring, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX and his team organize the meeting and is not boring, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX organizes the meeting and provides a briefing, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX is not briefing and organizes the meeting, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX carries out a conversation and converses, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX is not conversing and carries out a conversation, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX carries out a conversation and, converse, so PersonX is seen as social.
PersonX has no conversation and does not converse, so PersonX is seen as social.
PersonX fails to decide and does not get a decision, so PersonX feels frustrated.
not_duplicate: PersonX fails to decide and does not make a decision, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails to decide and does not have a task, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and no task, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails to decide and continues to decay, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and PersonX fails to decide, and there is no decay, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails to decide and fails to achieve success, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not to decide and does not achieve success, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails to decide and does not get a result, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not decides and does not get a result, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails to decide and does not make a decision, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX not able to decide and does not make a decision, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX fails to decide and is not given a task, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
and, task, no, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX fails to decide and then decays, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX and decay does not decide, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX fails to decide and fails to achieve success, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX not able to decide and does not achieve success, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX fails to decide and results in a result, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX not able to decide and results in no decision, so PersonX is seen as indecisive.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and a daughter, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and PersonX has no daughter, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and are a brother and sister, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and are not brothers, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and a community, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no community, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and they are a father, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no father, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and are a mom, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no mom, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and a daughter, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no daughter, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a brother, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and PersonX has no brother, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and are part of a community, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and do not live in a community, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and a father, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no father, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and PersonX has a mom, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and PersonY have a family and no mom, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX attends every class and is not late for school, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX not attends every class and does not leave school, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX attends every class and tends to his work, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX tends not to make any mistakes and attends every class, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX attends every class and pays attention, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX and attends every class and does not pay attention, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX attends every class and follows the method, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
and no method, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX attends every class and extends, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX and attends every class and does not extend class, so PersonX is seen as a good student.
PersonX attends every class and feels confident about school, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX not attends every class and does not leave school, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX attends every class and tends to do so, so PersonX feels confident.
and tends not to attend classes, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX attends every class and has good attention, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX not attends every class and does not pay attention, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX attends every class and has a good method, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no method attends every class, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX attends every class and does not extend, so PersonX feels confident.
and, extend, no PersonX attends every class and does not extend, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and feels limp, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX and PersonY hurt each other and is not able to limp, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and helve, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts and helve, no PersonY, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and is a husk, so PersonX feels sorry.
and, husk, no PersonX hurts for PersonY and PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and gravels, so PersonX feels sorry.
not_duplicate: PersonX hurts for PersonY and does not want gravel, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and yelps, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX hurts for PersonY and yelps no, so PersonX feels sorry.
PersonX makes mistakes when coding, and outtakes, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX does not outtake when coding and makes mistakes, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX makes mistakes when coding and is outtaked, so PersonX is seen as incompetent.
PersonX does not make mistakes when coding and does not expect outtakes, so PersonX is seen as incompetent.
PersonX writes a brief letter and is able to write a long note, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX notes a brief letter and does not write a long one, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX writes a brief letter and works in an office, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
and, office, no ; PersonX writes a brief letter, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX writes a brief letter and sends it by mail, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX mails a short letter and does not receive mail, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX writes a brief letter and type it, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX types a short letter and does not type it, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX writes a brief letter and gets a message, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX and no message write a brief letter, so PersonX is seen as good at writing.
PersonX writes a brief letter and PersonX notes it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
ande, no PersonX writes a brief note and sends it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX writes a brief letter and office, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and no office, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX writes a brief letter and sends it by mail, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and mail, no PersonX writes a brief letter, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX writes a brief letter and types, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX types a brief letter and does not type it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX writes a brief letter and delivers a message, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and writes a brief letter and does not include a message, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY admonition, and PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and does not give a admonition, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and advisement, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY have good advice and no advisement, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and is an advisor, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not advisor, and has good advice for PersonY, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and unadvised, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and does not feel unadvised, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and is not a admonition, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has no admonition and has good advice for PersonY, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has good advisement for PersonY, and PersonY is aware of it, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has no advisement for PersonY and does not provide advice, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and is an advisor, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX and PersonY have good advice for PersonY and no advisor, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has good advice for PersonY and is not unadvised, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX has good advice and is not unadvised, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX loses balance and does not match, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX loses balance and does not find a match, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX loses balance and offsets, so PersonX feels upset.
not_duplicate: PersonX loses balance and does not offset, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX loses balance and strikes, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX strikes and does not strike, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX loses balance and loses weight, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX loses balance and does not gain weight, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX loses balance and adjusts, so PersonX feels upset.
and adjust, no.
PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and wants to trade, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX and PersonY do not trade, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and is a doctor, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX and PersonY think PersonY is doing a bad job and is not a doctor, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and is a student, so PersonX feels annoyed.
and PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and is not a student, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and wants a contract, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a contract, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX thinks PersonY is doing a bad job and is looking for employment, so PersonX feels annoyed.
and, employment, no, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and has an estate, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY buy PersonY’s property and no longer owns the estate, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and uses it as a device, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and no device, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and takes possession of it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY purchase PersonY’s property and does not lose possession, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and puts it in the right location, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and does not change the location, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and pawnshops it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY and no pawnshop, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and leaves an estate, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY purchase PersonY’s property and has no estate, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and has a device, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY purchase PersonY’s property and do not use the device, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and feels happy about possession, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and does not lose possession of the property, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and moves it to a new location, so PersonX feels happy.
and, location, no PersonX purchases PersonY’s property, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX purchases PersonY’s property and pawnshops it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX purchases PersonY and does not have pawnshop, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX tells PersonY that he is defeated and PersonY does not attend the event, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and PersonY tell each other they are defeated and there is no event, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX tells PersonY that he is defeated and PersonY shares it, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX shares PersonY's defeat and does not share, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX tells PersonY that he is defeated and they tell PersonY the story, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and PersonY tell PersonY that they are defeated and that PersonX is not interested in the story, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX tells PersonY that he is defeated and does not show up, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX shows PersonY that he is defeated and does not show, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX tells PersonY that he is defeated and fails, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and PersonY tell each other they are defeated and PersonX says they are not going to fail, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX sends the ambulance and ambulation so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX sends the ambulance and does not ambulation, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX sends the ambulance and ambulates, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX does not ambulate and sends the ambulance, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX sends the ambulance and is responsible for the ambulation, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX sent the ambulance and no ambulation, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX sends the ambulance and ambulates, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX sends and PersonX does not ambulate, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX makes a complaint and plaints, so PersonX feels angry.
and, plaint, no, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX makes a complaint and complains, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX complains and does not complain, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX makes a complaint and complains to the plaintiff, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and no plaintiff, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX makes a complaint and complainer does not respond, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and no complainer makes a complaint, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX makes a complaint and is plaint, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX does not make a complaint and is not plaint, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX makes a complaint and complains, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX complains and does not complain, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX makes a complaint and is a plaintiff, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
and, no plaintiff, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX makes a complaint and complainer is seen as assertive.
PersonX is not a complainer and makes a complaint.
PersonX is scared of the dark and cloud, so PersonX feels afraid.
and, no cloud, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX is scared of the dark and the dim light dim, so PersonX feels afraid.
and, dim, no PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX is scared of the dark and screams, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX not scared of the dark and does not scream, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX is scared of the dark and blind, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX and is scared of the dark and is not blind, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX is scared of the dark and hidden, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX and is scared of the dark and does not want to be hidden, so PersonX feels afraid.
PersonX gets on the floor and gets down on the ground, so PersonX feels safe.
and PersonX gets on the floor and does not touch the ground, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX gets on the floor and tiles the floor, so PersonX feels safe.
and no tile, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX gets on the floor and is in the building, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and PersonX get on the floor and does not enter a building, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX gets on the floor and is in the room, so PersonX feels safe.
and no room, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX gets on the floor and feels safe on the surface, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and surface no surface, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX wins at the casino and PersonX is happy with the game, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX games PersonX wins at the casino and does not lose a game, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins at the casino and gets a beer, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX wins at the casino and does not drink beer, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins at the casino and has success, so PersonX feels happy.
and, success, no PersonX wins at the casino, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins at the casino and wans, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins and does not wan at the casino, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins at the casino and feels good, so PersonX feels happy.
and, good, no, PersonX wins at the casino, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX wins at the casino and plays the game, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX games up at the casino and does not lose, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX wins at the casino and drinks beer, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and, no beer, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX wins at the casino and has success, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and, success, no, PersonX wins at the casino, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX wins at the casino and wans, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX wins and does not wan at the casino, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX wins at the casino and gets a good deal, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and, good, no, PersonX wins at the casino, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and clubroom, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds and furnishes a clubhouse and no clubroom, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and lives in a house, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX no house and builds a clubhouse, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and says building, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX building a clubhouse and does not build a house, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and is clubby, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds and owns a clubhouse and is not clubby, so PersonX is seen as imaginative.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and clubroom, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX builds and then does not have a clubroom, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and a house, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and a friend build a clubhouse and no house, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and feels accomplished in building it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX building a clubhouse and does not stop building, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX builds a clubhouse and is clubby, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, clubby, no PersonX builds a clubhouse, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and is a member of the group, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, member, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and half of it is successful, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, half, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and the course lasts a week, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, week, no PersonX agrees to take part in a course, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and goes to school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX not interested in school and agrees to take part in a course, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and is offered service, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, no service, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and is a member, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and member, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and only takes part in half, so PersonX is seen as smart.
half, no PersonX agrees to take part in a course and does not reject it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and has a week off, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX agrees to take part in a course and does not miss a week, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and is in school, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and no school, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to take part in a course and provides a service, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and no service, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX swallows a grapefruit and feels full, so PersonX feels full.
PersonX no longer swallows grapefruit and does not eat it again, so PersonX feels full.
PersonX swallows a grapefruit and feels full because of the fruit, so PersonX feels full.
and PersonX swallows a grapefruit and does not eat any fruit, so PersonX feels full.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and rides a bike, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and PersonY take PersonY along for the ride and does not ride a bike, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the trip and is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and PersonY take PersonY along for the ride and PersonX does not trip, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and swings around, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and PersonY go along for the ride and do not swing, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and floats around, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and PersonY along for the ride and float, no ; so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and puts them in a roller , so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and PersonY do not roll a roller coaster, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and PersonY gets a bike, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY go on a bike and PersonX does not stop, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and trips away, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX trips PersonY along for the ride and does not get into a trip, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and swings around, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY take PersonY along for the ride and does not swing, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and floats along, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY are not able to float, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX takes PersonY along for the ride and rides the roller coaster, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY are not roller coasters, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX expresses his love and makes marriage, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no marriage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX expresses his love and the heart, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no heart, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX expresses his love and finds peace, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and Peace expresses his love and does not want peace, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX expresses his love and hates nothing, so PersonX feels happy.
and, hate, no PersonX expresses his love so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX expresses his love and has a baby, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX expresses his love and no baby, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX expresses his love and proposes marriage, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX notifies his love and does not commit to marriage, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX expresses his love and has a heart, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and no heart, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX expresses his love and seeks peace, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
and PersonX expresses his love and does not accept peace, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX expresses his love and hates hate, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and no hate, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX expresses his love and has a baby, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
and, baby, no ; PersonX expresses his love and does not want a baby, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and is an animal, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX drinks too much alcohol and no animal, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and is a drunkard, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks and is not a drunkard, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and drinks beer, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX drinks too much alcohol and no beer, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and does not eat enough food, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX drinks too much alcohol and does not eat food, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and has too much energy, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX drinks too much alcohol and does not have any energy, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and is an animal, so PersonX feels ashamed.
and no animal, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and is drunkard, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX drinks and drinks too much alcohol and is not a drunkard, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and drinks beer, so PersonX feels ashamed.
not__ PersonX drinks too much alcohol and does not drink beer, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and eats too much food, so PersonX feels ashamed.
and, no food, so PersonX drinks too much alcohol and feels ashamed.
PersonX drinks too much alcohol and has too much energy, so PersonX feels ashamed.
and no energy, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX says he won't do that again and writes a book, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX writes that he won't do that again and says he will not write it down, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX says he won't do that again and makes no offer, so PersonX feels regretful.
and, offer, no, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX says he won't do that again and doesn't speak again, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX and does not speak, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX says he won't do that again and pays the fine, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX pays no attention and says he won't do it again, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX says he won't do that again and agrees, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX agrees not to do that again and says he won't do it again, so PersonX feels regretful.
PersonX says he won't do that again and PersonX writes about it, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and, write, no, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX says he won't do that again and offers to do it again, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX and offers not to do that again, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX says he won't do that again and doesn't speak again, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX speaks no and says he won't do that again, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX says he won't do that again and pays for it, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX and no pay, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX says he won't do that again and agrees, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and agree, no, PersonX says he won't do that again, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX flees the scene and finds no location, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX no longer knows the location and flees, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX flees the scene and sees a movie, so PersonX feels panicked.
and, no movie, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX flees the scene and is caught in the background, so PersonX feels panicked.
and background, no background, PersonX flees the scene, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX flees the scene and leaves the stage, so PersonX feels panicked.
and, stage, no stage, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX flees the scene and begins a new chapter, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX no longer has a chapter and flees the scene, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX flees the scene and does not return to the location, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
and, location, no PersonX flees the scene, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX flees the scene and makes a movie, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX not flees the scene and does not appear in a movie, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX flees the scene and has no background, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX no longer has a background and flees the scene, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX flees the scene and does not return to the stage, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX not flees the scene and does not appear on stage, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX flees the scene and leaves chapter, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
and, no chapter, so PersonX is seen as cowardly.
PersonX resorts to physical violence and attempts to rescue rescuers, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX rescues no one and resorts to physical violence, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX resorts to physical violence and torture, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, no torture, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX resorts to physical violence and commits terrorism, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and terrorism are not related, so PersonX resorts to physical violence and feels frustrated.
PersonX resorts to physical violence and carries a weapon, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and does not have a weapon, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX resorts to physical violence and is violent, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not violent and does not resort to physical violence, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX stutters when answering and mutters, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX and does not mutter, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX stutters when answering and slides backwards, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
and slide, no PersonX stutters when answering, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX hates spending time with PersonY and hates violence, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX and PersonY do not engage in violence, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX hates spending time with PersonY and does not love them, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX loves PersonY and does not like spending time with them, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX hates spending time with PersonY and doesn't have a month, so PersonX feels irritated.
and, month, no PersonX hates spending time with PersonY, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX hates spending time with PersonY and year, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX and PersonY hate spending time together and does not have a year together, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX hates spending time with PersonY and has a minute to spare, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX not likes spending time with PersonY and doesn't have a minute, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and PersonY has time, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY finish PersonY's work and does not waste time, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and accomplishes the task, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX accomplishes PersonY's work and does not accomplish anything, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and is finland, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY finish PersonY's work and no finland remains, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and tasks, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY's work is completed and no task is assigned, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work, and the job is done, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY finish their work and PersonX does not get a job, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and PersonY saves time, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX notifies PersonY and does not ask for time, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and accomplishes the task, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
personX accomplishes PersonY's work and PersonY does not have to do anything else, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and finland, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY finish PersonY's work and no finland is found, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and PersonY has a task, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY finish each other's work and no tasks remain, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX finishes PersonY's work and finishes PersonX's job, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY's job is not finished, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and is brash, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes and is not brash, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and then dips, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX dips into a ditch and does not get back up, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and is dummy, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes and is not dummy, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and is crushed, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crushes into a ditch and does not crush anyone, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and dike, so PersonX feels sad.
and, no dike, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and is brash, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes and is not brash, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and dips, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
and, no dip, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and dummies himself, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes and is not seen as dummy, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and gets crushed, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crushes into a ditch and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX crashes into a ditch and dike, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
and, no dike, so PersonX is seen as reckless.
PersonX sees a new movie and features it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend see a new movie and there is no feature, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX sees a new movie and hears music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX no longer listens to music and sees a new movie, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX sees a new movie and reads the story, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no story, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX sees a new movie and enjoys the show, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX shows a new movie and does not watch the show, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX sees a new movie and sees video, so PersonX feels excited.
and, video, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX sees a new movie and features in it, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
and no feature, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX sees a new movie and listens to music, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX no longer listens to music and sees a new movie, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX sees a new movie and is interested in the story, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX notifies a story and sees a new movie, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX sees a new movie and shows it, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX and sees a new movie and does not show, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX sees a new movie and watches a video, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX and no video, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX finds the missing kitty and plays poker, so PersonX feels grateful.
and PersonX finds the missing kitty and does not have to play poker, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX finds the missing kitty and finds pus, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX and PersonX find the missing kitty and no longer have any pus, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX finds the missing kitty and plays poker, so PersonX is seen as a good detective.
PersonX and poker does not play poker, so PersonX is seen as a good detective.
PersonX finds the missing kitty and finds pus, so PersonX is seen as a good detective.
and, no puss, so PersonX is seen as a good detective.
PersonX uses tools and uses a weapon, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX not uses weapons and does not carry a weapon, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX uses tools and is a machine, so PersonX is seen as handy.
and, machine, no PersonX uses tools, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX uses tools and has a device, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX and no device, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX uses tools and knifes, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX not using knives and uses tools, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX uses tools and software, so PersonX is seen as handy.
not_enumerator PersonX uses tools and does not use software, so PersonX is seen as handy.
PersonX uses tools and uses weapon, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX not using weapons and does not use a weapon, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX uses tools and uses machines, so PersonX feels competent.
and, machine, no PersonX uses tools so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX uses tools and uses a device, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and does not use device, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX uses tools and uses a knife, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and does not use a knife, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX uses tools and software, so PersonX feels competent.
and PersonX does not use software, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and admonitions, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and does not admonition, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advisement and PersonY feels pleased, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has no problem with advisement, and PersonX gives PersonY some good advice, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and is an advisor, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY some good advice and PersonX does not have to be an advisor, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and unadvised, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY advice and PersonY says no unadvised, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and gives admonition, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and does a admonition no, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonY some advice and advisement, so PersonX is seen as wise.
and, advisement, no, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and is seen as an advisor.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY some good advice and no advisor, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and PersonY is not seen unadvised, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonY some good advice and unadvised PersonY does not, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX blows it and then strikes, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX and PersonX do not strike, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX blows it and moves away, so PersonX feels ashamed.
and, move, no ; PersonX blows it so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX blows it and then strokes it, so PersonX feels ashamed.
and PersonX does not get a stroke, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX blows it and plays, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX plays and does not play, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX blows it and pushes it, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX pushes it and PersonX does not push, so PersonX feels ashamed.
PersonX blows it and strikes, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX strikes it and does not strike, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX blows it and moves on, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX blows it and does not move, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX blows it and strokes it, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX strokes it and no one notices, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX blows it and plays, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX plays it and does not play, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX blows it and pushes it, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX not blows it and does not push it, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and focuses on it, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
and PersonX sheds light on the truth and does not lose focus, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and is dark, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
and, dark, no PersonX sheds light on the truth, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and is able to reason, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
and, reason, no PersonX sheds light on the truth, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and represents reality, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
and, reality, no PersonX sheds light on the truth, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and gives an answer, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
and, answer, no, PersonX sheds light on the truth, so PersonX is seen as insightful.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and is focused, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and PersonX sheds light on the truth and does not focus on anything else, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and darkens the darkness, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and, dark, no, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and, reason, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and, no reason, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and the reality, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and, reality, no, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX sheds light on the truth and answers it, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and PersonX sheds light on the truth and says no to the answer, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX hits a big shot and drives hard, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX and his teammates hit a big shot and does not need to drive, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX hits a big shot and is cast, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX casts no shadows and hits a big shot, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX hits a big shot and blows a blow, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX and PersonX hit a big shot and does not blow, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX hits a big shot and is a gun, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX guns a big shot and does not have a gun, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX hits a big shot and fired it, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
and PersonX hits a big shot and does not get fired, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX hits a big shot and drives home, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX drives a big shot and has no drive, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX hits a big shot and gets cast, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX casts no shadows and hits a big shot, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX hits a big shot and blows, so PersonX feels satisfied.
not_duplicated PersonX hits a big shot and does not blow, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX hits a big shot and has a gun, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, no gun, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX hits a big shot and fired it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX not fired, and hits a big shot, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX questions an axiom and a topic, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, topic, no, PersonX questions an axiom, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX questions an axiom and replies, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, reply, no PersonX questions an axiom, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX questions an axiom and has a problem, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX questions an axiom and does not find a problem, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX questions an axiom and asserts truth, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, truth, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX questions an axiom and answers it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX questions an axiom and answers no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX questions an axiom and a topic, so PersonX feels uncertain.
and, topic, no PersonX questions an axiom, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX questions an axiom and receives a reply, so PersonX feels uncertain.
and PersonX questions an axiom and does not get a reply, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX questions an axiom and does not know what the problem is, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX problems an axiom and does not find a problem, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX questions an axiom and questions the truth, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and truth, no, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX questions an axiom and does not get an answer, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX answers a question and does not get an answer, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX feels judged by PersonY and is in pain.
PersonX and PersonY feel judged by PersonY and does not feel any pain, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX feels judged by PersonY and has to deal with emotion.
PersonX and PersonY feel judged by PersonY and does not feel emotion, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX feels judged by PersonY and PersonY is hot.
PersonX and PersonY feel judged and are not hot, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY, so PersonX feels upset and spile .
and, spile, no PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY and lath, so PersonX feels upset.
and, no lath, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX spills something on PersonY and PersonY slips up, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX slips something on PersonY and does not notice it, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY and is seen as clumsy, and spile.
and PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY and does not spile, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX spills something on PersonY and is lath, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX and PersonY accidentally spill something on PersonY and PersonX does not lath, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX accidentally spills something on PersonY and slips on the floor, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX slips something on PersonY and does not slip, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX attempts to be funny and makes a contribution, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, contribution, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts to be funny and tinkers, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX is not tinkering and attempts to be funny, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts to be funny and fawns people, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts and fails to be funny and does not fawn, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts to be funny and chases the chase, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, chase, no PersonX attempts to be funny so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts to be funny and whack, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attempts and does not get whack, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns self-worth and has a good body, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
and body, no body, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX learns self-worth and develops confidence, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and learns self-worth and does not lose confidence, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX learns self-worth and is auto-motivated, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
and, no auto, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX learns self-worth and is a person, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
personX learns self-worth and does not judge themselves, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX learns self-worth and practice, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
and PersonX learns self-worth and does not practice it, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and helps her with schoolwork, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with her French homework and no schoolwork is required, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and is at home, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY do not go home, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY with French homework and housework, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with her French homework and does not have to do any housework, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and PersonY does classwork, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with her French homework and no classwork is required, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and PersonY does her schoolwork, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX does not help PersonY with her French homework and does not do schoolwork, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and is home with PersonY, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX not home and helps PersonY with her French homework, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and does housework, so PersonX is seen as studious.
not_redacted PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and does not do housework, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX helps PersonY with her French homework and helps with her classwork, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX does not do classwork and helps PersonY with her homework, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX watches a video and looks at an image, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX and a friend watch a video and does not see an image, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches a video and enjoys the movie, so PersonX feels amused.
and PersonX watches a video and does not watch the movie, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches a video and reviews it, so PersonX feels amused.
and PersonX watches a video and does not review it, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches a video and listens to the radio, so PersonX feels amused.
not_duplicate PersonX watches a video and does not listen to the radio, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX scolds the students and goes to college, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX not going to college and scolds the students, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX scolds the students at school and PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX and the students scold each other and there is no school, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX scolds the students and doesn't like their education, so PersonX feels annoyed.
and, education, no PersonX scolds the students so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX scolds the students and graduates, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX and the students do not graduate, so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX scolds the students and they are learning, so PersonX feels annoyed.
and, learning, no, PersonX scolds the students so PersonX feels annoyed.
PersonX scolds the students and college students, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX notifies the students and does not allow them to attend college, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX scolds the students and is in school, so PersonX is seen as strict.
not PersonX scolds the students and does not attend school, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX scolds the students and teaches them education, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX and no education, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX scolds the students and graduates them, so PersonX is seen as strict.
and, graduates, no, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX scolds the students and they are learning, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX and does not allow learning, so PersonX is seen as strict.
PersonX has a long life and is not afraid of reality, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and PersonX have a long life and does not face reality, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX has a long life and people, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and PersonX have a long life and no people, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX has a long life and does not have to worry about death, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and no death, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX has a long life and feels safe in the world, so PersonX feels safe.
and, world, no ; PersonX has a long life so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX has a long life and has time, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and PersonX have a long life and no time constraint, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX has a long life and reality, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and, reality, no ; PersonX has a long life so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX has a long life and people are nice, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX and not people, has a long life, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX has a long life and death, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX and has a long life and no death, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX has a long life and lives in the world, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and, world, no, PersonX has a long life, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX has a long life and time, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX and time have no constraint, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX writes a journal entry and receives news, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX do not receive any news, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX writes a journal entry and sees a tree, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and writes a journal entry and no tree, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX writes a journal entry and returns home, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX returns a journal entry and does not return it, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX writes a journal entry and registers, so PersonX feels relaxed.
not_duplicate: PersonX writes a journal entry and does not register, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX writes a journal entry and engineers an engineering project, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and engineering, no ; PersonX writes a journal entry, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX writes a journal entry and reports on news, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
and, news, no news, PersonX writes a journal entry, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX writes a journal entry and a tree, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
and, tree, no PersonX writes a journal entry, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX writes a journal entry and returns, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX returns a journal entry and does not return it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX writes a journal entry and registers it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX do not register, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX writes a journal entry and engineering, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX not engineering and writes a journal entry, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX gets an order and gets a command, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX and gets an order and no command, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets an order and repairs it, so PersonX feels important.
and repairs are not repaired, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets an order and gets a sequence, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX and no sequence, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets an order and receives service, so PersonX feels important.
and PersonX gets an order and does not provide any service, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets an order and has demand, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX and no demand, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX doesn't ask for help and does not receive any benefit, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX not asks for help and doesn't ask for benefits, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX doesn't ask for help and does not ask for support, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX not asks for help and doesn't ask for support, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX doesn't ask for help and does not ask for harm, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX not asks for help and doesn't cause harm, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX doesn't ask for help and isn't always saving, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX not asking for help and doesn't ask for saving, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX doesn't ask for help and saves no money, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX not asks for help and doesn't save, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and gives them stuff, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and, no stuff, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and pushes the button, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX pushes PersonY out of a jam and does not push, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and sings the song, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and no song, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and jars, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonX out of a jam and PersonX does not jar up, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and gives them stuff, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and, stuff, no, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and pushes them through, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonX out of a jam and does not push them, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and sings a song, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonX out of a jam and PersonX does not sing a song, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX helps PersonY out of a jam and PersonX eats a jar, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY get out of a jam and no jar, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX believes PersonY is hungry and believes that PersonY's hunger is a problem, so PersonX feels concerned.
and, no hunger, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX believes that PersonY is hungry and is barren, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX believes and PersonY is not barren, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX believes that PersonY is hungriness and is concerned, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX believes that PersonY is not hungriness and does not want to eat, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX completes another project and reports on it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and PersonX completes another project and does not report on it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX completes another project and campaigns, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and no campaign, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX completes another project and has a show to show, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, show, no ; PersonX completes another project and does not show, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX completes another project and achieves the goal, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX no longer has a goal and completes another project, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX completes another project and programs, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, program, no PersonX completes another project, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX completes another project and reports on it, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and PersonXX complete another project and does not report on it, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX completes another project and runs a campaign, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not campaigned campaign and completed another project, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX completes another project and shows that he is talented, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and does not show off, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX completes another project and achieves a goal, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX no longer has a goal and completes another project, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX completes another project and has a successful program, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and, no program, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX suggests a compromise and is compound, so PersonX is seen as diplomatic.
and, compound, no PersonX, so PersonX is seen as diplomatic.
PersonX suggests a compromise and promises a reward, so PersonX is seen as diplomatic.
PersonX promises a compromise and does not deliver, so PersonX is seen as diplomatic.
PersonX suggests a compromise and a compound, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, compound, no PersonX suggests a compromise so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX suggests a compromise and promises to deliver, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, promise, no promise, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX receives confirmation and is confirming, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX received and confirmed no confirming, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX receives confirmation and is confirmed, so PersonX feels confident.
and, confirmed, no PersonX receives confirmation, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX receives confirmation and confirming, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX does not receive confirmation and does not confirming, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX receives confirmation and is confirmed, so PersonX is seen as confident.
and, confirmed no PersonX receives confirmation, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX is inability to get along with personY and feels lonely, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX is not able to get along with personY and does not have the inability, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX is unable to get along with personY and is inert, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX is not able to get along with personY and is inert, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX is unable to get along with personY and has no ability, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX not able to get along with personY and has no ability, so PersonX feels lonely.
PersonX is unable to get along with personY and is inability to do so is seen as angry.
PersonX does not get along with personY and is inability to get along, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX is unable to get along with personY and is seen as inert.
PersonX is not able to get along with personY and is inert.
PersonX cannot get along with personY and has no ability, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX and personY are unable to get along and has no ability, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX gets up from the table and goes to the header, so PersonX feels ready to go.
and, header, no PersonX gets up from the table, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX gets up from the table and plates up, so PersonX feels ready to go.
and PersonX gets up from the table and does not plate, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX gets up from the table and reads the book, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX and a friend get up from the table and PersonX gets no book, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX gets up from the table and stands on the floor, so PersonX feels ready to go.
and, floor, no floor, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX gets up from the table and starts setting, so PersonX feels ready to go.
and no setting, so PersonX feels ready to go.
PersonX takes things slowly and is thoughtful about stuff, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX takes things slowly and does not do stuff, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes things slowly and has a good job, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX no longer has a job and takes things slowly, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes things slowly and is thoughtful, so personX is seen as thoughtful.
personX takes things slowly and is not a person, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes things slowly and is living, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and not living, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes things slowly and being thoughtful, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX anderson takes things slowly and is not seen as being, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes things slowly and, stuff, so PersonX feels in control.
and PersonX takes things slowly and no stuff, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX takes things slowly and has a job, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and does not have a job, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX takes things slowly and is a person, so PersonX feels in control.
personX takes things slowly and does not rush, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX takes things slowly and is living, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX not living and takes things slowly, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX takes things slowly and PersonX is being himself, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and does not feel like being, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX is never asked back to the restaurant and is not asked by the restaurateur.
PersonX and restaurateur are never asked back to the restaurant, so PersonX is seen as not nice.
PersonX is never asked back to the restaurant and the restaurateur never asks, so PersonX feels rejected.
PersonX is not asked back to the restaurateur's restaurant and is never asked back, so PersonX feels rejected.
PersonX laughs at her previous joke and has fun, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX not only laughs at her previous joke and has fun, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX laughs at her previous joke and cries, so PersonX feels entertained.
not personX laughs at her previous joke and does not cry, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX laughs at her previous joke and gets a result, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and her previous joke are not a result, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX laughs at her previous joke and has a story to tell, so PersonX feels entertained.
and, story, no PersonX laughs at her previous joke, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the team, so PersonX is seen as independent.
team, no ; PersonX quits the company and leaves the company, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the group, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX and PersonX quit the company are not part of a group, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX quits the company and provides services, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX and PersonX quit the company and does not provide any service, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the office, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX no longer has an office and leaves the company, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX quits the company and is not involved in business, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX no longer works for the company and quits the business, so PersonX is seen as independent.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the team, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, team, no, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the group, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, no group, so PersonX quits the company.
PersonX quits the company and does not provide any service, so PersonX feels relieved.
and no service, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the office, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, no office, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX quits the company and leaves the business, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, no business, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX becomes religious and attends church, so PersonX feels inspired.
and, church, no ; PersonX becomes religious so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and celebrates a holiday, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX and friends become religious and does not have a holiday, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and joins a cult, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and does not join cult, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and has faith, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX no longer has faith and becomes religious, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and joins a community, so PersonX feels inspired.
and, no community, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX becomes religious and goes to church, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX no longer goes to church and becomes religious, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX becomes religious and takes a holiday, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX and holiday, no, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX becomes religious and is not a cult, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX becomes religious and not a cult, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX becomes religious and has faith, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX and no faith, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX becomes religious and becomes a member of a community, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
and PersonX becomes religious and leaves no community, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX organizes the search party and knows politics, so PersonX feels competent.
and, politics, no PersonX organizes the search party, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the search party and includes music, so PersonX feels competent.
and music, no PersonX organizes the search party, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the search party and finds the findings, so PersonX feels competent.
and, not finding, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the search party and finds a family, so PersonX feels competent.
and PersonX organizes the search party and does not include family, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the search party and the group, so PersonX feels competent.
and PersonX organizes the search party and no group, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the search party and knows politics, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and the search party are not involved in politics, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX organizes the search party and arranges the music, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, no music, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX organizes the search party and is responsible for finding people, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, finding, no ; PersonX organizes the search party, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX organizes the search party and keeps the family together, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, family, no, PersonX organizes the search party, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX organizes the search party and organizes a group, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, group, no ; PersonX organizes the search party so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and does waterworks, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waterworks PersonY's plants and does not damage them, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and has watermelon, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters and does not eat watermelon, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and has a boat, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, no boat, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and PersonY produces flowers, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY's plants do not have flowers, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and forest, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and no forest, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and it waterworks, so PersonX feels helpful.
and, waterworks, no PersonX waters PersonY's plants, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and watermelon, so PersonX feels helpful.
and PersonX waters PersonY's plants no watermelon, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and has a boat, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX and PersonY's plants do not have a boat, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and plants flower, so PersonX feels helpful.
and, flower, no PersonX waters PersonY's plants, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX waters PersonY's plants and keeps a forest, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX and PersonY do not live in a forest, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and limits him, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX limits him to just the right amount and does not limit him, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and gives him a portion, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX and PersonX give him just the right amount and no portion, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and does not add any cost, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX and PersonX give him just the right amount and no cost, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives PersonX just the right amount and mass, so PersonX is seen as wise.
and mass, no ; PersonX gives him just the right amount so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and bills him, so PersonX is seen as wise.
and, bill, no ; PersonX gives him just the right amount so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and limits it, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX gives him just the right amount and no limit, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and portion, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and gives him just the right amount and does not ask for a portion, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and costs him nothing, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX costs PersonX just the right amount and PersonX does not have to worry about cost, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and gives him mass, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX gives him just the right amount and no mass, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX gives him just the right amount and pays the bill, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonXX give him just the right amount and no bill, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX avoids the gutter and gut , so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX no longer avoids the gutter and does not eat the gut, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX avoids the gutter and does not gout, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX avoids the gutter and no gout, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX avoids the gutter and gargoyle, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX avoids the gutter and does not see a gargoyle, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX avoids the gutter and doesn't go to the gut, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and avoids the gutter and does not have a gut, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX avoids the gutter and does not gout, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX avoids the gutter and does not get gout, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX avoids the gutter and gargoyle, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX avoids gutter and does not gargoyle, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX organizes PersonY's possessions and dispossess them, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX organize and PersonY's not dispossess, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX organizes PersonY's possessions and is possessing them, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX and PersonY are not possessing each other's possessions, so PersonX feels helpful.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and intensity, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX not succeeds in getting a degree and does not show any intensity, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and does not get a minute, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX not getting a degree and does not get a minute, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and does not have depth, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX not gets a degree and does not have depth, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and location, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX not getting a degree and doesn't have a location, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and does not achieve resolution, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
and, resolution, no, so PersonX is seen as a failure.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and does not have the intensity to do so, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, intensity, no ; PersonX fails at getting a degree so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and has minutes, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not able to get a degree and does not have a minute, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and does not have the necessary depth, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, depth, no, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and moves to a new location, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, location, no, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX fails at getting a degree and doesn't receive a resolution, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not getting a degree and does not find resolution, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX gets ready for a date and watches a movie, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonX get ready for a date and does not watch a movie, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gets ready for a date and has time to spare, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and personX get ready for a date and does not miss any time, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gets ready for a date and a year, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and year, no date, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gets ready for a date and day, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and no day, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gets ready for a date and is in the month, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and no month, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gets ready for a date and sees a movie, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonX get ready for a date and do not watch a movie, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets ready for a date and gets the time, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and time, no time, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets ready for a date and the year is up, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and no year, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets ready for a date and has a good day, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX anderson gets ready for a date and does not miss a day, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets ready for a date and a month, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and no month gets ready for a date, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX takes it easy and keeps it simple, so PersonX feels rested.
and PersonX takes it easy and no simple, so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX takes it easy and snaps, so PersonX feels rested.
and, snap, no PersonX takes it easy, so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX takes it easy and goes fast, so PersonX feels rested.
and, fast, no PersonX takes it easy so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX takes it easy and moves around, so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX and does not move, so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX takes it easy and has good luck, so PersonX feels rested.
and PersonX takes it easy and no luck, so PersonX feels rested.
PersonX takes it easy and keeps it simple, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX not simple and takes it easy, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX takes it easy and snaps, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
and PersonX takes it easy and does not snap, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX takes it easy and is fast, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX not fast and takes it easy, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX takes it easy and moves around, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX moves slowly and does not move, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX takes it easy and has good luck, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX and no luck, so PersonX is seen as laid-back.
PersonX has lunch with the children and has a hunch, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch and does not hunch, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch with the children and has brunch, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and the children have lunch and do not eat brunch, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch with the children and has lumps, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and has lunch with the children and is not lumped, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch with the children and has a girl friend, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and has lunch with the children and does not mention the girl's name, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch with the children and is a father, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX not a father and has lunch with the children, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX has lunch with the children and is hunched by the children, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lunch with the children and does not hunch, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lunch with the children and has brunch, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and the children have lunch and does not have brunch, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lunch with the children and does not get a lump, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and the children has lunch together and no lump, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lunch with the children and is a girl, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and the children have lunch and does not see a girl, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has lunch with the children and is a father, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and the children have lunch and no father, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX speaks out against PersonY's candidacy and is not a candidate, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY's candidacy is not a candidate, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX speaks out against PersonY's candidacy and does not support the candidate, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX and PersonY speak out against PersonY's candidacy and no candidate, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and her month, so PersonX is seen as proud.
and, no month, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and renounces, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces and does not renounce, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and has an hour to spare, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX notifies that it's a big day for her and does not miss an hour, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and denounces it, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX denounces that it's a big day for her and does not denounce it, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and has a week ahead, so PersonX is seen as proud.
and, week, no, so PersonX is seen as proud.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and a month, so PersonX feels confident.
and, month, no PersonX announces that it's a big day for her so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and renounces, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX announces and does not renounce, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and has an hour, so PersonX feels confident.
and, hour, no ; PersonX announces that it's a big day for her so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX announces that it's a big day for her and denounces, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX denounces that it's a big day for her and does not denounce, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX announces that it's a big day and week for her so PersonX feels confident.
and week, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and honeycombs it, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes and eats a huge sandwich and no honeycomb, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and wraps it, so PersonX feels pleased.
and no wrap, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and has a hotdog, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes and eats a huge sandwich and no hotdog, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and eats foodstuff, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes and eats a huge sandwich and no foodstuff, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and makes honeycomb cookies, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX does not make a honeycomb sandwich and makes a huge sandwich, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and wraps it in a wrap, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX and his wife make a huge sandwich and does not wrap it, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and a hotdog, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX does not eat hotdogs and makes a huge sandwich, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX makes a huge sandwich and is good at foodstuff, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX does not eat foodstuff and makes a huge sandwich, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and asks questions, so PersonX is seen as seen as considerate.
PersonX questions personY’s problem and does not say “no”, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and gives an answer, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, answer, no, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and warns them of danger, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and personY considers personY’s problem and there is no danger, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and creates a workshop, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and personYY do not attend a workshop, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and programs a solution, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and no program, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and questions it, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX questions personY’s problem and does not give up, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and answers it, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
and, answer, no, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and sees danger, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX and personY consider personY’s problem is not danger, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and plans a workshop, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX and personY consider personY’s problem and do not attend a workshop, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX considers personY’s problem and creates a program, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
and, program, no PersonX program, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX buys cheese from PersonY and buys cheesy products, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys cheese from PersonY and does not cheesy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets smarter and learns more, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX learns more and does not want to learn, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX gets smarter and technology improves, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and technology get smarter and no technology, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX gets smarter and develops intelligence, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, intelligence, no, PersonX gets smarter, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX gets smarter and science, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and no longer science gets smarter, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX gets smarter and has more wit, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX not wit and gets smarter, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and has intelligence, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for information about PersonY and does not find any intelligence, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and sends them a message, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for information about PersonY and finds no message, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and evidence, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for evidence about PersonY and finds no, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and has knowledge, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for information about PersonY and no knowledge, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and communication, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonYY look for information about PersonY and no communication, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and finds intelligence, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY does not have the same intelligence, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and is looking for a message, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for information about PersonY and does not receive a message, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and evidence, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY look for evidence about PersonY and does not find any evidence, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and seeks knowledge, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and knowledge, no, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX looks for information about PersonY and communication, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonYY look for information about PersonY and no communication, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons, and argument, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX and weighs the pros and cons and no argument, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and weighs them against gain, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX gains weight and weighs the pros and cons, and does not gain any weight, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and kens them, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX not only weighs the pros and cons, but also the cons and ken, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and protests, so PersonX feels balanced.
and, protest, no PersonX weighs the pros and cons and does not protest, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and gives them a pr, so PersonX feels balanced.
and PersonX weighs the pros and cons and no pr, so PersonX feels balanced.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and makes an argument, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX and no argument, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and weighs them against gain, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
and, gain, no PersonX weighs the pros and cons, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and kens, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX not only weighs the pros and cons but also the ken, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and protests, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
and, protest, no PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX weighs the pros and cons and weighs pr and cons, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
and, pr, no ; PersonX weighs the pros and cons, so PersonX is seen as analytical.
PersonX throws the dishrag and does not get any kitchenware, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and PersonX throws the dishrag and no kitchenware, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX throws the dishrag and dishpan, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is not throwing the dishrag and does not have dishpan, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX throws the dishrag and does not have a rag, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, rag, no PersonX throws the dishrag so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX throws the dishrag and wash it, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and the dishrag are not washed, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX falls over backwards and breaks his leg, so PersonX feels hurt.
and, break, no PersonX falls over backwards, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls over backwards and winters, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and winter, PersonX fall over backwards and is not covered, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls over backwards and springs, so PersonX feels hurt.
Person and falls over backwards and no spring, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls over backwards and does not rise, so PersonX feels hurt.
and, rise, no PersonX falls over backwards, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls over backwards and blows himself up, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and PersonX fall over backwards and does not blow a blow, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX falls over backwards and breaks, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX and breaks no break, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX falls over backwards and winters, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
and, winter, no, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX falls over backwards and springs into spring, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX and spring, no spring, fall over backwards, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX falls over backwards and rises, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX not rises and falls over backwards, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX falls over backwards and blows up, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
and blow, no blow, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and makes pilgrimage, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX and PersonY quietly visits PersonY and does not make any pilgrimage, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and outcalls them, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX not quietly visits PersonY and does not outcall, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and does not chastise her, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and does not chastise them, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and blesses her, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX no longer blesses PersonY and quietly visits PersonY, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and gives her medicine, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX and PersonY visit and does not prescribe medicine, so PersonX feels supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and makes a pilgrimage, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
and, pilgrimage, no PersonX quietly visits PersonY, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX visits PersonY quietly and does not outcall PersonY, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX quietly and not outcall PersonY, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and does not chastise them, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX quietly visits and does not chastise PersonY, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and blesses her, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX no longer blesses PersonY and quietly visits them, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX quietly visits PersonY and does not use medicine, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX and PersonY do not discuss medicine, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX goes to far and doesn't stop for time, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX and Time go to far and does not waste time, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX goes too far and gage, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX and gage, no, goes to far, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX goes too far and plays too many games, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX and no game, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX goes too far and jumps, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
and does not jump, so PersonX is seen as a bully.
PersonX goes to far and wastes time, so PersonX feels guilty.
and PersonX goes to far and does not get time, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX goes to far and gage, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX does not go far enough, and gage, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX goes to far and is a game, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and PersonXX go to far and does not play the game, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX goes to far and jumps, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX jumps to far and does not jump back, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and a lab, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, no lab, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and traces, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX notches up a good mark on a test and does not get traced, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and posts it on social media, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, no post, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and spots a problem, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX notches a good mark on a test and does not miss a spot, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and a match, so PersonX feels pleased.
and PersonX does not match the test, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and labs, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and lab, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and traces back, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no trace on test, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and posts it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX notches a good mark on a test and doesn't post it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and spot a problem, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX spots no spot on a test and gets a good mark, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gets a good mark on a test and matches the teacher, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, match, no ; PersonX gets a good mark on a test, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is in the present and is working on a project, so personX is seen as happy.
PersonX and the project are in the present and there is no project, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX is in the present and is optimistic about the future.
PersonX and is in the present and is not worried about the future, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX is in the present and is existing.
PersonX not existing and is in the present, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX is in the present and female.
PersonX and a female are not present, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX is in the present and is happy with today.
and, today, no, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX is in the present and is working on a project, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX and no project, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX is in the present and has a future, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX not in the future and there is no future, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX is in the present and is existing, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX and is in the present and is not existing, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX is in the present and is female, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX and PersonX are in the present and is not female, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX is in the present and today, so PersonX feels alive.
and, today, no, PersonX is in the present, so PersonX feels alive.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and raises a child, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY do not raise issues, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and protects them, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY keep in with each other and does not protect each other, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and avoids trouble, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
and PersonX keeps in with PersonY and does not avoid them, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and kills no one, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY keep in contact and does not kill each other, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and stays, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX stays in with PersonY and does not leave, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and raises money, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX not PersonY keeps in with PersonY and does not raise, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and protects them, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and PersonY keep in with each other and does not protect each other, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and avoids gossip, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX avoids PersonY and does not avoid them, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and kills them, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and PersonY keep in with PersonY and does not kill, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX keeps in with PersonY and stays, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX stays in with PersonY and does not leave, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX is very upset and is a brat, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is not happy and does not want to be a brat, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is very upset and is competing, so PersonX feels angry.
and, competing, no, PersonX is not competing, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX stops teaching PersonY and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and moves on, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching each other and does not move, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and leaves a seed, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and PersonX does not leave a seed, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and PersonY gets the boot, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and does not boot, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and PersonY checks, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY, and PersonX does not check, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and stops, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX stops teaching PersonY and does not stop, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and moves on, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and does not move, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and PersonX gets seed, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and PersonX does not plant a seed, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and PersonY boots up, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and PersonX does not boot, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX starts teaching PersonY and checks the results, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY start teaching PersonY and check, no check, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and person Y, so PersonX feels kind.
personX is patient with PersonY and does not complain, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and has a client, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY are patient with PersonY and not client, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and provides treatment, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY are patient with each other and does not refuse treatment, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and is a doctor, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY are patient and no doctor is needed, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and is in a hospital, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY are patient and not hospitalized, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX is patient with personY and is seen as understanding.
personX is patient with PersonY and is not a person, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and is a client, so PersonX can be seen as understanding.
PersonX and PersonY are patient and no client, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and receives treatment, so personX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and PersonY are patient with each other and does not refuse treatment, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX is patient with PersonY and is a doctor, and is seen as understanding.
PersonX and PersonY are not doctors, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX is patient with PersonY in a hospital and is seen as understanding.
PersonX and PersonY do not go to the hospital, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX earns a new job and signs a contract, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no contract, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX earns a new job and is no longer a student, so PersonX feels proud.
and PersonX earns a new job and is no longer a student, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX earns a new job and is a doctor, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and earns a new job and does not have to be a doctor, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX earns a new job and finds employment, so PersonX feels proud.
Person and PersonX earns a new job and does not find employment, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX earns a new job and makes a trade, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no trade, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX earns a new job and signs a contract, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX earns a new job and does not lose the contract, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX earns a new job and is a student, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and, no student, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX earns a new job and becomes a doctor, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and earns a new job and does not become a doctor, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX earns a new job and gets employment, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and earns a new job and does not lose employment, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX earns a new job and trades in old one, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and earns a new job and does not trade, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has a weak heart and does not feel love, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX and PersonX have a weak heart and no love, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX has a weak heart and does not have a good hart, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX and no hart, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX has a weak heart and no blood, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX notches a weak heart and no blood, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX has a weak heart and is at home, so PersonX feels weak.
and, home, no ; PersonX has a weak heart, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX has a weak heart and person mind, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX and PersonX has a weak heart and no mind, so PersonX feels weak.
PersonX listens to records and loves music, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX no longer listens to records and is not afraid of music, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX listens to records and collects data, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
and, no data, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX listens to records and is interested in history, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX and listens to records and has no interest in history, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX listens to records and collects albums, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX not listens to records and does not buy albums, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX listens to records and has five different kinds, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
and, five, no, so PersonX is seen as an audiophile.
PersonX listens to records and enjoys the music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and no music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX listens to records and hears data, so PersonX feels excited.
and no data, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX listens to records and is interested in history, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and listens to records and does not know any history, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX listens to records and likes the album, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no album PersonX listens to, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX listens to records and gets five stars, so PersonX feels excited.
and, five, no ; Input: PersonX listens to records and likes them, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tends to PersonY's injuries and doesn't do injustice, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and PersonY tend to injuries and does not commit injustice, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX tends to PersonY's injuries and is uninjured, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX tends to PersonY's injuries and is not uninjured, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX tends to PersonY's injuries and does not commit any injustice, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX and PersonY tend to PersonY's injuries and does not do injustice, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX tends to PersonY's injuries and is uninjured, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX tends not to PersonY's injuries and is uninjured, so PersonX feels sympathetic.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and is rescued, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and a friend get arrested for stealing and there is no rescue, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and personX feels upset, so PersonX feels stasis.
PersonX gets arrested and leaves no stasis, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and is busted, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets and is arrested for stealing and does not get a bust, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and needs to rest, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and friends get arrested for stealing and is not allowed to rest, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and has to be rescued, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, rescue, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and has stasis, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, no stasis, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and gets busted, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, bust, no PersonX gets arrested for stealing, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX gets arrested for stealing and then rests, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, rest, no PersonX gets arrested for stealing, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX murders the prostitute and does not stop prostitution, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is not a prostitute and does not engage in prostitution, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX murders the prostitute so PersonX feels angry and derogatory.
PersonX murders and derogates the prostitute and does not derogatory, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX murders the prostitute and prostitution, so PersonX is seen as a psychopath.
PersonX is not prostitution and murders the prostitute.
PersonX murders the prostitute and derogatory comments, so PersonX is seen as a psychopath.
PersonX murders and derogatory no one, so PersonX is seen as a psychopath.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and is willing to help, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX helps PersonY's backpack and does not ask for help, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and the project, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack and no project, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and is willing to deal, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack, and no deal, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and signs a contract, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack, not a contract, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and payments, so PersonX feels kind.
and, no payment, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and provides help, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX helps PersonY with their backpack and does not ask for help, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and is part of the project, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack and does not have a project, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and deals, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, deal, no, PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and PersonY signs a contract, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack and PersonX does not sign a contract, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to carry PersonY's backpack and makes payment, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to carry PersonY's backpack and no payment is required, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX turns on light and is dark, so PersonX feels happy.
and dark, no, PersonX turns on light, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns on light and heavy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not heavy and turns on light, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns on light and signs, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX signs on light and does not sign, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns on light and throws, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX turns on light and does not throw objects, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns on light and focuses, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no focus, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and has relation to PersonY, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, relation, no PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and moves them around, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX moves PersonY's belongings and does not move them, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and replaces property, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and no property, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and defines their behavior, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonY replace PersonY's belongings and PersonX does not define PersonY, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and makes changes, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX changes PersonY's belongings and does not make a change, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and has a relation with PersonY, so PersonX feels proud.
no relation between PersonX and PersonY's belongings, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and moves them, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX moves PersonY's belongings and does not move, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and property, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and PersonY replace PersonY's belongings and PersonX no longer has property, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and defines them, so PersonX feels proud.
and, define, no PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX replaces PersonY's belongings and changes them, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX changes PersonY's belongings and PersonY does not change her belongings, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and sees that PersonY is poky, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches and is not poky, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and is a guard, so PersonX is seen as observant.
and PersonX watches PersonY play poker and does not guard PersonY, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and sees the puck, so PersonX is seen as observant.
and, puck, no PersonX watches PersonY play poker, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and is stoker, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY and does not stoker, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and PersonY shows them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX shows PersonY playing poker and does not show, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and poky, so PersonX feels amused.
not_duplicate: PersonX watches PersonY play poker and doesn't find it poky, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and is guarded by PersonY, so PersonX feels amused.
and PersonX watches PersonY play poker and does not guard PersonY, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and does not touch the puck, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX and PersonY play poker and does not have a puck, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and stoker, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches PersonY and does not stoker, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX watches PersonY play poker and shows up, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX and PersonY play poker and does not notice the show, so PersonX feels amused.
PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and does not know who the caller is, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, caller, no, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and demands answers, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, demand, no , so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and has no cellphone, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, cellphone, no, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and message, so PersonX feels anxious.
and no message, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and taps on the phone, so PersonX feels anxious.
and tap, no ; PersonX receives a mysterious phone call and does not tap, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX passes PersonY an object and attributes PersonY, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
attributes PersonX passes PersonY an object and does not remove them, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX passes PersonY an object and does a method, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX notifies PersonY of a method and passes it along, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX passes PersonY an object and PersonY a machine, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY share an object and PersonX does not have a machine, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX passes PersonY an object and the object has a property, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY do not have property, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX passes PersonY an instance and so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY do not have instances, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and accepts, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and PersonX does not accept, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and has success, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and has no success, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and trusts them, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX and PersonY do not trust each other, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and has a positive expression, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and there is no expression, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and loves them, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX and PersonY are not in love, so PersonX feels respected.
PersonX is highly respected and accepted by PersonY.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and do not accept, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and is a success.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and has no problem with success, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and has trust in PersonY.
PersonX and PersonY are highly respected by PersonY and do not trust each other, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is highly respected by PersonY and has a good expression, so PersonY is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY do not have any expression, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is highly respected and loves PersonY.
PersonX and PersonY do not love each other, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX invents a new technology and tech, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no tech, invents a new technology, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX invents a new technology and is a machine, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX notches up a new technology and does not use a machine, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX invents a new technology and has a nature, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, nature, no, PersonX invents a new technology, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX invents a new technology and an application, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and technology invents a new technology and does not have an application, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX invents a new technology and is good at science, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX not science and invents a new technology, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX invents a new technology and tech, so PersonX feels excited.
and, tech, no one, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX invents a new technology and a machine, so PersonX feels excited.
and, machine, no PersonX invents a new technology, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX invents a new technology and is inspired by nature, so PersonX feels excited.
and, nature, no PersonX invents a new technology, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX invents a new technology and applies it to an existing application, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and his team invent a new technology and there is no application, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX invents a new technology and science, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and his team invents a new technology and does not know science, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX makes up for his mistakes and outtakes, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX does not outtake and makes up for his mistakes, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX makes up for his mistakes and outtakes them, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX makes and avoids his mistakes and does not make an outtake, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX grew very rich and ranks highly, so PersonX feels wealthy.
and PersonX grew very rich and does not have any rank, so PersonX feels wealthy.
PersonX grew very rich and PersonX feels wealth.
and, wealth, no PersonX, so PersonX feels wealthy.
PersonX grew very rich and has class, so PersonX feels wealthy.
PersonX and a friend became very rich and has no class, so PersonX feels wealthy.
PersonX grew very rich and has value, so PersonX feels wealthy.
and, value, no, so PersonX feels wealthy.
PersonX grew very rich and rank, so PersonX is seen as successful.
and, rank, no PersonX grew very rich so PersonX is seen as successful.
PersonX grew very rich and is now the wealthiest person in the world, so PersonX is seen as successful.
PersonX and his family grew very rich and did not lose any wealth, so PersonX is seen as successful.
PersonX grew very rich and has class, so PersonX is seen as successful.
and, class, no, so PersonX is seen as successful.
PersonX grew very rich and has value, so PersonX is seen as successful.
and, value, no , so PersonX is seen as successful.
PersonX visits the place and enjoys maritimes, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits and does not see any maritimes, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits the place and visits the cubit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits and does not have a cubit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits the place and meets people, so PersonX feels happy.
and, people, no PersonX visits the place, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits the place and finds a house, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not visits the place and has no house, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits the place and reposits there, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits and does not find reposit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits the place and visits maritimes, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits and does not visit maritimes, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits the place and looks for cubits, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits and does not cubit, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits the place and visits the people, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
and, no people, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits the place and looks at the house, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
Person and PersonX visits the place and does not leave the house, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits the place and reposit it, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX visits and does not reposit, so PersonX is seen as interested in history.
PersonX pursues a plan and makes a purchase, so PersonX feels successful.
and PersonX pursues a plan and does not make a purchase, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursues a plan and is successful in pursuit, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursuits a plan and does not lose it, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursues a plan and charts the results, so PersonX feels successful.
and, chart, no PersonX pursues a plan, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursues a plan and plots, so PersonX feels successful.
and PersonX pursues a plan and does not have a plot, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursues a plan and reaches a goal, so PersonX feels successful.
and PersonX pursues a plan and does not reach a goal, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX pursues a plan and makes a purchase, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and no purchase, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX pursues a plan and does not stop at pursuit of a goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX pursuits a plan and does not abandon it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX pursues a plan and charts a course, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX charts a plan and does not draw a chart, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX pursues a plan and plots it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, plot, no PersonX pursues a plan, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX pursues a plan and has a goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX not pursues a plan and does not reach a goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and motion, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and observes no motion, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and attacks PersonY, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and improves them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not improve them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and destroys them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not destroy them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and acting on them, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX not acting and learns about PersonY's actions, so PersonX is seen as observant.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and motion, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not see any motion, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and attacks PersonY, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX and PersonY do not attack each other, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and wants to improve them, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and decides not to improve, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX learns about PersonY's actions and destroys them, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not destroy them, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX learns about PersonY's acting and feels shocked.
PersonX and PersonY learn about PersonY's actions and does not act acting, so PersonX feels shocked.
PersonX pays in time and year, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and no year, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX pays in time and has money, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and, money, no, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX pays in time and pays the price, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and PersonX pays in time and does not pay a price, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX pays in time and in cash, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and cash, no cash, so PersonX pays in time and PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX pays in time and pays in a month, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX pay on time and does not miss a month, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX pays in time and does so year after year, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
and PersonX pays in time and does not year, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX pays in time and has money, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX and no money, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX pays in time and pays in price, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX prices pay in time and does not charge a price, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX pays in time and pays cash, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
and cash, no ; PersonX pays in time, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX pays in time and is in a month, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX not pays in time and does not miss a month, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX fixes the toilet and flushes the toilet, so PersonX feels satisfied.
not___ PersonX fixes the toilet and does not have to flush, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX fixes the toilet and moves on, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and does not move the toilet, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX fixes the toilet and changes the water, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX changes the toilet and does not make a change, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX fixes the toilet and fixes the problem, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and the toilet fix the toilet and does not have a problem, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX fixes the toilet and the design, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and PersonX fix the toilet and does not design the toilet, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX fixes the toilet and flushes it, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and flush, no ; PersonX fixes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX fixes the toilet and moves it, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, move, no PersonX fixes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX fixes the toilet and changes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX changes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible and no one else notices.
PersonX fixes the toilet and then fixes the problem, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
Person and no problem fixes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX fixes the toilet and is responsible for design, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, design, no PersonX fixes the toilet, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX struggles for recognition and is not recognized, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, recognized, no, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, strife, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, strife, no PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX struggles for recognition and scuffles, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX struggles for recognition and does not scuffle, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX struggles for recognition and is not recognized, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
and PersonX struggles for recognition and is not recognized, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX struggles for recognition, so PersonX is seen as insecure and strife .
PersonX struggles and does not strife for recognition, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX struggles for recognition and scuffles, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX struggles for recognition and does not scuffle, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and the seed is not returned, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
and seed, no, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and stops responding, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX stops withdrawing and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and boot, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
and PersonX starts to withdraw and does not boot, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and checks out, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX and check, no starts to withdraw, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and moves away, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
and, move, no, so PersonX is seen as insecure.
PersonX starts to withdraw and seed a seed, so PersonX feels depressed.
and, seed, no ; PersonX starts to withdraw, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX starts to withdraw and stops, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX stops withdrawing and does not stop, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX starts to withdraw and starts to boot up, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX and starts to withdraw and does not boot up, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX starts to withdraw and checks, so PersonX feels depressed.
and PersonX starts to withdraw and does not check, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX starts to withdraw and moves away, so PersonX feels depressed.
and PersonX starts to withdraw and does not move, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX hears what I am saying and writes it down, so PersonX feels listened to.
and PersonX hears what I am saying and does not write, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears what I am saying and hears sound, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX sounds what I am saying and no sound, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears what I am saying and agrees, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX agrees what I am saying and does not disagree, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears what I am saying and pays me, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX and no pay, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears what I am saying and harks back, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears and does not hark, so PersonX feels listened to.
PersonX hears what I am saying and writes back, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
and, write, no, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX hears what I am saying and is sound, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX sounds and does not sound, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX hears what I am saying and agrees with me, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
not_duplicate PersonX hears what I am saying and does not agree, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX hears what I am saying and pays for it, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and I hear what I am saying and does not pay us, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX hears what I am saying and harks back, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX listens and does not hark, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX finds the club secret and is part of a group, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and, group, no, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX finds the club secret and finds school, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and school, no, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX finds the club secret and goes to the party, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and party, no, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX finds the club secret and finds the team, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and team find the club secret and does not disclose it, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX finds the club secret and finds success, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and, no success, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and PersonX gets a dog, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a dog, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and rider, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY buy PersonY a horse and no rider, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and a girl, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY buy a horse and no girl, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and PersonX feels happy with the animal.
PersonX and PersonY buy PersonY a horse and PersonX does not have an animal, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse, and a cow, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY buy a horse and PersonX does not buy cows, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and PersonY gets a dog, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY buy a horse and PersonX does not have a dog, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and rider, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
and PersonX buys PersonY a horse and PersonY is not a rider, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and PersonX girl, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY buy PersonY a horse and PersonX does not want a girl, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX buys personY a horse and animal, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY buy PersonY a horse and PersonX does not object to the animal, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX buys PersonY a horse and cows, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY buy a horse and no cow, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX thinks about her past and period, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX not a "period" person and does not have a period, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about her past and stuff, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and no stuff, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about her past and history, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and no history, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about her past and talks about the present, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and her past are not present, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about her past and her future, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX thinks about her past and does not think of the future, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
personX thinks about her past and period, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX no longer thinks about her past and does not have a period, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX thinks about her past and stuff, so PersonX feels sad.
and, stuff, no, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX thinks about her past and history, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and no history, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX thinks about her past and the present, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX no longer thinks about her past and is not present, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX thinks about her past and the future, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX anderson thinks about her past and does not know her future, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX asks about a envelope and enwraps it, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks about and does not enwrap an envelope, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks about an envelope and enclosure, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and a friend ask about an envelope and there is no enclosure, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX discusse her situation and fluctuation, so PersonX is seen as honest.
and, no fluctuation, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX discusses her situation and has a sitcom, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX talks and discusses her situation and does not sit on a sitcom, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX discusses her situation and is situated, so PersonX is seen as honest.
and PersonX discusses her situation and is not situated, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not find it pleasing, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX and her work isn't pleasing, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not have plea for it, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX not derives pleasure from her work and does not have plea, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and is a treasurer, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and is not a treasurer, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure and pleasingness from her work, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not find pleasingness in her work, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and tasks, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX not derives pleasure from her work and does not complete the task, so PersonX is seen as not happy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not find it pleasing, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX not derive pleasure from her work and does not find it pleasing, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive plea from her work and so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX no longer derives pleasure from her work and does not receive any plea, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and is a treasurer, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and is not treasurer, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not seek pleasingness, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and there is no pleasingness, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX does not derive pleasure from her work and does not enjoy the task, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX and her task do not derive pleasure from her work, so PersonX feels unhappy.
PersonX tells about his family and his father, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX and his family do not have a father, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX tells about his family and his daughter, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX and his family do not have a daughter, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX tells about his family and has a brother, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
and, brother, no ; PersonX tells about his family so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX tells about his family and mom, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
and, mom, no, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX tells about his family and community, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX and does not join any community, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX tells about his family and his father, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and his family tells about his family and no father, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells about his family and his daughter, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no daughter, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells about his family and his brother, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and his brother do not have a brother, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells about his family and his mom, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and his family tell about his family and no mom, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells about his family and his community, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no community, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and is a dinosaur, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY's plan is not a dinosaur, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and recommends a diet, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY discover PersonY's plan and does not eat a diet, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and has a plot, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY discover PersonY's plan and does not plot, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and charts it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY discover PersonY's plan and does not create a chart, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and drips drips, so PersonX is seen as smart.
no drip, PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and implements it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and becomes a dinosaur, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonY's plan is discovered and PersonX does not find a dinosaur, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and does not follow the diet, so PersonX feels upset.
and, diet, no.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and PersonY has a plot, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and does not plot, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and makes a chart, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonY's plan were not charted, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and does not like drip, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX discovers PersonY's plan and does not receive a drip, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX uses patience and has passion, so PersonX feels patient.
and no passion, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX uses patience and uses reserve, so PersonX feels patient.
and no reserve, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX uses patience and is not impatient, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX and PersonX uses patience and does not get impatient, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX uses patience and uses passivity, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX has no passivity and uses patience, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX uses patience and has a tolerance, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX no longer uses patience and does not have tolerance, so PersonX feels patient.
PersonX uses patience and passion, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
and, no passion, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX uses patience and reserve, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX reserves no reserve and uses patience, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX uses patience and is not impatient, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
and PersonX uses patience and is not impatient, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX uses patience and passivity, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX has no passivity and uses patience, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX uses patience and tolerance, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX and no tolerance for tolerance, so PersonX is seen as a good listener.
PersonX buys a new jacket and it's pink, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX no longer wears pink and buys a new jacket, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX buys a new jacket and fiasco, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX buys and wears a new jacket and there is no fiasco, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX buys a new jacket and a jumper, so PersonX feels proud.
and PersonX buys a new jacket and no jumper, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and wants a refund, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX not stops studying and does not accept refund, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and shows refusal, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX and no refusal, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and does not recuse himself, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX is not recuse and refuses to stop studying, so is seen as determined.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and fuses, so PersonX is seen as determined.
and, no fuses, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and wants a refund, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, refund, no refund, PersonX refuses to stop studying, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and PersonX feels anxious because of that refusal.
and, refusal, no, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and recuse himself, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX does not stop studying and does not recuse, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX refuses to stop studying and has a fuse, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, fuse, no, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX listens to the news and reports, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX and his friends listen to the news and does not report anything, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX listens to the news and is in the morning, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
and, morning, no, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX listens to the news and reads an article, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX and does not read the article, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX listens to the news and today, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
and, today, no news, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX listens to the news and stories, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
and no story, so PersonX is seen as open-minded.
PersonX listens to the news and hears a report, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX reports the news and does not find a report, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX listens to the news and is in the morning, so PersonX feels confused.
and, morning, no PersonX listens to the news, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX listens to the news and reads the article, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and listens to the news and does not see an article, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX listens to the news and today PersonX feels confused.
PersonX no longer listens to the news and today, there is no news, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX listens to the news and hears a story, so PersonX feels confused.
and PersonX listens to the news and does not understand the story, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX evades detection and is not detected, so PersonX feels unseen.
and, detect, no ; PersonX evades detection and feels unseen.
PersonX evades detection and is surrounded by fences, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX and fence, no fence, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX evades detection and invades, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX and evades detection and does not invade, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX evades detection and discovery, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX and no discovery, so PersonX feels unseen.
and, evasion, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX evasions detection and does not see anything, so PersonX feels unseen.
PersonX evades detection and does not detect detection, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and, detect, no PersonX, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX evades detection and fences in, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and, fence, no, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX evades detection and invades, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX invades no and evades detection, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX evades detection and discovery, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and no discovery, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX evades detection and evasion, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and, evasion, no, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX pays a long visit and is chastise, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, no chastise, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX pays a long visit and gives medicine, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY pay a long visit and does not practice medicine, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX pays a long visit and blesses, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, bless, no, PersonX pays a long visit so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX pays a long visit and does not chastise, so PersonX feels content.
and, no chastise, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX pays a long visit and gets medicine, so PersonX feels content.
and, medicine, no, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX pays a long visit, so PersonX feels content and blesses.
and, bless, no ; PersonX pays a long visit so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and exchange a transaction, so PersonX feels joyful.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and there is no transaction, so PersonX feels joyful.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and counterchange, so PersonX feels joyful.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and no counterchange, so PersonX feels joyful.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and make a transaction, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and do not engage in a transaction, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and counterchange, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX and PersonY exchange smiles and no counterchange, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and hulls a hull, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX and PersonYY heal an injured PersonY and there is no hull, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and cicatrises them, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX heals and does not cicatrise PersonY, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and recovers recovery, so PersonX feels grateful.
not__ PersonX heals an injured PersonY and does not suffer recovery, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and provides salve, so PersonX feels grateful.
and, no salve, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and hulls PersonY, so PersonX is seen as brave.
and, hull, no, PersonX heals an injured PersonY, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and cicatrises them, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX heals and does not cicatrise an injured PersonY, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX heals an injured PersonY and recovers their recovery, so PersonX is seen as brave.
and PersonX recovers no recovery, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX heals and salved PersonY, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and PersonY heal an injured PersonY and no salve, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and handcuffed himself, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX has no handcuffs and lost a ring in the couch, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and ding, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX did not lose a ring in the couch and ding, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and does not cater, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not lost a ring in the couch and did not get a cater, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and is not a couple, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and, no couple, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and the cushion is missing, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX no longer has a ring in the couch and there is no cushion, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and PersonX is handcuffed, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX has no handcuffs and lost a ring in the couch, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and ding, so PersonX feels upset.
and, ding, no ; PersonX lost a ring in the couch so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and caters, so PersonX feels upset.
and, no cater, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and lost the couple, so PersonX feels upset.
and, couple, no, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX lost a ring in the couch and does not have a cushion, so PersonX feels upset.
and, cushion, no PersonX lost a ring in the couch, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX's loving smile and smirk, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX smiles and has no smirk, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX's loving smile and muscle , so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and no muscle, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX's loving smile and smirk makes PersonX feel happy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's loving smile and no smirk, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX's loving smile and muscle, so PersonX feels happy.
and, muscle, no ; PersonX's loving smile so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX picks up a bill and tiles the floor, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, no tile, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX picks up a bill from the floor and puts it on paper, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, paper, no paper, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX picks up a bill from the floor and buys a ticket, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX notches up a bill from the floor and does not get a ticket, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX picks up a bill from the floor and puts it in a nice shape, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, shape, no PersonX picks up a bill from the floor and takes it to the office, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX picks up a bill from the floor and cashes it in, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX cashes in a bill from the floor and does not return it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and changes management, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and management, no, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and the club, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, club, no PersonX replaces an entire staff, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and sticks, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and PersonX replaces an entire staff and does not stick, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and people, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, people, no PersonX replaces an entire staff, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and replaces the entire crew, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, crew, no PersonX replaces an entire staff, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and management is excited, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and no management, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and changes clubs, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no club, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and sticks to the plan, so PersonX feels excited.
and, stick, no PersonX replaces an entire staff, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and people, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX peoples replaces an entire staff and does not replace people, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX replaces an entire staff and crew, so PersonX feels excited.
and, crew, no PersonX replaces an entire staff, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX discovers that someone is spying on him and becomes a dinosaur, so PersonX feels scared.
and dinosaur, no PersonX discovers that someone is spying on him, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX does not take risks and does not feel secure, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX not take risks and does not feel secure, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not risk taking, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX not taking risks and does not take risks, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not want harm, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX not takes risks and harms no one, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not park his car, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX not takes risks and does not go to park, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not experience an event, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX not taking risks and does not have an event, so PersonX feels cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and is secure, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX and does not take risks, so PersonX is seen as cautious and secure.
PersonX does not take risks and does not like taking risks, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX not taking risks and does not take risks, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and harm no one, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX not takes risks and does not harm others, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not park, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX not takes risks and does not park, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX does not take risks and does not attend events, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX not taking risks and does not have an event, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX acts independently and is not part of a group, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX not part of a team and acts independently, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX acts independently and is not tied to a role, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and, role, no acts independently, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX acts independently and is an agent, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonneX not agent and acts independently, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX acts independently and fights, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and does not fight, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX acts independently and effects, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no effect, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX acts independently and PersonX is part of the process, so PersonX feels free.
and, part, no PersonX acts independently, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts independently and has no role, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and does not have a role, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts independently and is an agent, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX and no agent acts independently, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts independently and does not fight, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX not acting independently and does not fight, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX acts independently and effects nothing, so PersonX feels free.
and effect, no, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX lets things go and has a house, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX and house, no house, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX lets stuff go and lets things go, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX and no stuff, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX lets things go and personX is seen as tolerant.
personX lets things go and does not judge, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX lets things go and writes a book, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
and, book, no PersonX lets things go, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX lets things go and ting, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
and, ting, no PersonX lets things go, so PersonX is seen as tolerant.
PersonX lets things go and gets a house, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and no house, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX lets things go and lets stuff go, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and no stuff, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX lets things go and personX feels relieved.
personX lets things go and does not have to worry about anything, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX lets things go and writes a book, so PersonX feels relieved.
and PersonX lets things go and does not read a book, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX lets things go and tings, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and PersonX let things go and does not worry about ting, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX initiates the activity and performs the operation, so PersonX feels in control.
and, operation, no PersonX initiates the activity, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX initiates the activity and activates it, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX activates the activity and does not activate it, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX initiates the activity and provides education, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and education, no, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX initiates the activity and growth occurs, so PersonX feels in control.
and PersonX initiates the activity and does not allow growth, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX initiates the activity and controls the behavior, so PersonX feels in control.
and, behavior, no PersonX initiates the activity, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX initiates the activity and runs the operation, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
and, operation, no, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX initiates the activity and then activates it, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX activates the activity and does not activate the activity, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX initiates the activity and has education, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX and the activity are not tied to education, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX initiates the activity and is responsible for growth, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
and, growth, no PersonX initiates the activity, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX initiates the activity and shows behavior, so PersonX is seen as a leader.
and, behavior, no PersonX initiates the activity so PersonX is seen as a leader.
PersonX folds in shock and brains out, so PersonX feels confused.
brain, no, and PersonX folds in shock, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX folds in shock and is in danger, so PersonX feels confused.
and, danger, no ; PersonX feels confused.
PersonX folds in shock and shakes his head, so PersonX feels confused.
and PersonX folds in shock and does not shake, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX folds in shock and fights, so PersonX feels confused.
and PersonX folds in shock and does not fight, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX folds in shock and shells, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and folds in shock and does not have a shell, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and the artist performs, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and does not know the artist, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and event, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and does not attend an event, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and see a show, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and do not miss a show, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and enjoy the music, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and no music is played, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and sing a song, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY attend a concert and do not hear a song, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and program and feels anxious.
PersonX and program, no, feels trapped by all the problems, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and has to attend a workshop, and feels anxious.
and, workshop, no ; PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and feels anxious.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and asks questions.
PersonX and PersonX feel trapped by all the problems and does not know the answer to a question, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and feels anxious about the answer.
PersonX not able to answer, and feels trapped by all the problems, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and is in danger.
and, danger, no PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and programs, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
and no program, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and the workshop, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
and PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and does not have a workshop, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and is questioning everything, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX questions all the problems and does not ask questions, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and is not able to find an answer to them, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
and PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and answers no, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX feels trapped by all the problems and is afraid of danger, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
and, no danger, so PersonX is seen as pessimistic.
PersonX goes through a bad day and loses a month, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, month, no, PersonX goes through a bad day, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX goes through a bad day and night, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, night, no PersonX goes through a bad day, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX goes through a bad day and loses the year, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and PersonX go through a bad day and does not get a year, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX goes through a bad day and the week, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and the week are not good, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX goes through a bad day and does not get an hour, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and PersonX goes through a bad day and does not get an hour, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX goes through a bad day and a month, so PersonX is seen as sad.
and, month, no, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX goes through a bad day and night, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX and goes through a bad day and does not sleep at night, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX goes through a bad day and has a year, so PersonX is seen as sad.
and PersonX goes through a bad day and does not win the year, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX goes through a bad day and a week, so PersonX is seen as sad.
and, week, no PersonX goes through a bad day, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX goes through a bad day and loses an hour, so PersonX is seen as sad.
and no hour, so PersonX is seen as sad.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and success was achieved, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, success, no, PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and was not secure, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and the secret were not secure, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and knowledge was revealed, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and his hidden secret were revealed and, knowledge, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and confidence was lost, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and confidence, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX's secret was revealed and password was revealed, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, password, no PersonX's hidden secret was revealed, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX's secret was revealed and success was achieved, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and his secret was revealed and no success was achieved, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and the secret is secure, so PersonX feels hurt.
and, secure, no ; Constraint PersonX's hidden secret was revealed, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and knowledge was lost, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and no knowledge was revealed, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and he lost confidence, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX no longer has confidence, and the secret was revealed, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX's hidden secret was revealed and the password was revealed, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and no password was revealed, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX is led by the commander and has headquarters, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and headquarters, no headquarters, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is led by the commander and is an officer, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and the commander are led by the commander and is not an officer, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is led by the commander and the commodore, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is led by the commander and no commodore is present, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is led by the commander and is warder, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX has no warder and is led by the commander, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and machine, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY let PersonX use PersonX's computer and no machine, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and PersonY's processor, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and no processor, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and folders, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY let PersonX use PersonX's computer and no folder, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and gives them software, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY do not install software on PersonX's computer, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and controller, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX not a controller and lets PersonY use PersonX's computer, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and PersonY's machine, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX and PersonY let PersonY use PersonX's computer and not the machine, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and processor, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX and PersonY let PersonX use PersonX's computer and does not block the processor, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and shares a folder, so PersonX feels generous.
and, no folder, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and software, so PersonX feels generous.
and software, no PersonX's computer, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX lets PersonY use PersonX's computer and PersonX is the controller, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX and PersonY let PersonY use their computer and no controller, so PersonX feels generous.
PersonX shows how safe he is and shows protection, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX and protection, no protection, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX shows how safe he is and shows security, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX and no security, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX shows how safe he is and is protected, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX notifies us how safe he is and is not protected, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX shows how safe he is and shows danger, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX and no danger, so PersonX is seen as cautious.
PersonX shows how safe he is and shows protection, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX not shows how safe he is and does not provide protection, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX shows how safe he is and shows security, so PersonX feels protected.
not_duplicate PersonX shows how safe he is and does not violate security, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX shows how safe he is and feels protected, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX not shows how safe he is and does not feel protected, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX shows how safe he is and avoids danger, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX not shows how safe he is and shows no danger, so PersonX feels protected.
PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning and does not gain anything, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX not at a gain because of someone's cunning and there is no gain, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning and does not know how to stop death, so PersonX feels confused.
and, death, no one, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning and does not make a profit, so PersonX feels confused.
and PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning and does not profit, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning, so PersonX feels confused and lost.
and, lost, no ; PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX is at a loss because of someone's cunning and is worried about damage, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and someone's cunning is at a loss and there is no damage, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX thinks it’s boring and dreams, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX notches it’s boring and doesn’t dream, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX thinks it’s boring and wants to talk, so PersonX feels bored.
and, talk, no PersonX thinks it’s boring, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX thinks it’s boring and therefore does not reason about it, so PersonX feels bored.
and, no reason, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX thinks it’s boring and doesn’t start, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX starts it and does not start, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX thinks it’s boring and wants to write, so PersonX feels bored.
and, write, no PersonX thinks it’s boring, so PersonX feels bored.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and wants to help, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX not wants to shake hands with PersonY and does not want to help, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and PersonY has to stand, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX not wants to shake hands with PersonY and does not want to stand, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and foot, so PersonX feels friendly.
and, no foot, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and has eye contact, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX and PersonY want to shake hands and no eye, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and wants a finger, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX and PersonY want to shake hands and no finger, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and wants to help, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX helps PersonY shake hands and does not want to help, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and stands up, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY want to shake hands and not stand, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and has a foot, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY want to shake hands and PersonX has no foot, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and has an eye on them, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, eye, no PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX wants to shake hands with PersonY and wants a finger, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a finger, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and dad, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX and PersonY's parents get along, and the dad is not a problem, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and likes her mother, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a mother, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and has a child, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX and PersonY's parents get along, and there is no child, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and feels comfortable with their father, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX and PersonY get along with their parents and does not have a father, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and likes her daughter, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX not PersonY's daughter and gets along with her parents, so PersonX feels comfortable.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and dad, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX notifies PersonY's parents and does not complain about the dad, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and mother, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, mother, no, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and is a child, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY get along well and no child, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and father, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX not a father, and gets along with PersonY's parents, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX gets along with PersonY's parents and their daughter, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY's parents get along well and they do not have a daughter, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and gets goal, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out, but PersonX does not achieve the goal, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and fight, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX and PersonY do not fight, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out, and PersonY remembers, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out and no one remembers, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and fails, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX fails to get PersonY to go out and does not get a response, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and trial, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out and there is no trial, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and has a goal, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out and do not have a goal, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and fight, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out, but no fight, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out, and remembers what happened, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out and no one remembers that PersonY did not go out, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and fails, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonY fails to go out and does not go out, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX tries to get PersonY to go out and gives them a trial, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY try to get PersonY to go out and does not give up on trial, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX finds PersonY’s mistake and finds outtake, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY find PersonY’s mistake and no outtake, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and the region, so PersonX feels excited.
and no region, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and, government, so PersonX feels excited.
and, government, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and has good health, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and states that he is interested in sailing and does not have health problems, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and wants to live there, so PersonX feels excited.
and live, no, PersonX states that he is interested in sailing so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and does not have to worry about the city, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no city, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and region, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and no region, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and government, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX and no government, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and has good health, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX notifies that he is interested in sailing and has no health problems, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and live, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, live, no PersonX states that he is interested in sailing, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and wants to visit the city, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, city, no ; PersonX states that he is interested in sailing and does not live in a city, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and sleeps, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX not goes to bed a little early and does not sleep, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and gets used to it, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and goes to bed a little early and does not get used, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and seats herself, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and goes to bed a little early and no seat, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and made it home, so PersonX feels content.
and, made, no PersonX goes to bed a little early, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX goes to bed early and tells a story, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonX go to bed a little early and does not tell a story, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and does not get enough sleep, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX sleeps early and does not wake up, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and is not used, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX and goes to bed a little early and does not get used, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and seats down, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX and a seat do not go to bed, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and made dinner, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX not made, and goes to bed a little early, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX goes to bed a little early and does not tell a story, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX no longer has a story and goes to bed a little early, so PersonX is seen as tired.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and puts them on the stage, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
and PersonX takes steps to bring back and does not miss a stage, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and moves away, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX moves back and does not move, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and walks, walking, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX not walking and brings things back, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and tracks down, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
and, no track, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and walks, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX walks and does not walk away, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and reaches a stage, so PersonX feels determined.
and, stage, no, PersonX takes steps to bring back so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and moves, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX moves back and does not move, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and walks, walking, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX not walking and takes steps to bring back, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and tracks them down, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX and PersonX does not lose their track, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX takes steps to bring back and walks, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX walks, takes steps to bring back and does not walk away, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and doesn't get spring, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and no spring, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and does not know how to type, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and does not know his type, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and expiration, so PersonX feels confused.
and, expiration, no PersonX loses the source of his inspiration, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and respiration, so PersonX feels confused.
and respiration, no, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX loses the source of his inspiration and is unable to find inspiring sources, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX and loses the source of his inspiration and does not find inspiration inspiring, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is thinking, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is not thinking, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is a woman, so PersonX feels angry.
and, woman, no, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is making them unhappy, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the people who criticize his writing are not making any changes, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is a writer, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX not a writer and criticizes his writing, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and is angry at them, so personX feels angry.
personX is frustrated by the people who criticize his writing and does not agree with them, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and feels texture.
and, texture, no ; PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and feels uncomfortable.
PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and is cold.
PersonX and PersonX are not cold, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and sounds uncomfortable.
and, sound, no, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and matches.
PersonX and no match, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX feels that someone is looking for PersonX and notices PersonX.
PersonX notices that someone is looking for PersonX and does not want to be there, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and doesn't have enough education, so PersonX feels uncertain.
and, education, no PersonX thinks about dropping out of college, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and wants to continue school, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX not thinks about dropping out of college and does not attend school, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and is a student, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX not a student and thinks about dropping out of college, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and is not on campus, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and campus, no, thinks about dropping out of college so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and wants to graduate, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and PersonX thinks about dropping out of college and does not graduate, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX wants to help out and offers to help, so PersonX is seen as nice.
and PersonX wants to help out and does not make an offer, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX wants to help out and wants someone else to help, so PersonX is seen as nice.
someoneX wants to help out and does not discriminate against anyone, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX wants to help out and needs support, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and no support is needed, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX wants to help out and says please, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX please help me out and does not ask for anything in return, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX wants to help out and hates hateful people, so PersonX is seen as nice.
and, hate, no, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX wants to help out and offers, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX offers to help out and does not offer an offer, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX wants to help out and helps someone, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and PersonX wants to help out and does not find someone, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX wants to help out and provides support, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX and wants to help out and does not need support, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX wants to help out and please helps out, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and, please, no PersonX wants to help out, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX wants to help out and hates hate, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and, hate, no ; PersonX wants to help out so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and PersonY scores, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, no score, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and is majority, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and not the majority, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and the value, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and no value, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and size, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and no size restriction, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and digits, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and PersonX does not digit, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and scores the phone, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and PersonX does not score, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and PersonY has the majority, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and no one is in the majority, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and PersonY values it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and PersonX no value, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and size, so PersonX feels happy.
size, no, PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY the telephone number and PersonY gets a digit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the telephone number and PersonX does not have a digit, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX begins the meeting and gives a briefing, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX begins and ends the meeting with no briefing, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX begins the meeting and is boring, so PersonX feels motivated.
not boring and boring, PersonX begins the meeting, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX begins the meeting and is proceeding, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, proceeding, no PersonX begins the meeting, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX begins the meeting and gives briefing, so PersonX is seen as authoritative.
PersonX begins and ends the meeting with no briefing, so PersonX is seen as authoritative.
PersonX begins the meeting and is boring, so PersonX is seen as authoritative.
PersonX and PersonX start the meeting and is not boring, so PersonX is seen as authoritative.
PersonX begins the meeting and begins proceedings, so PersonX is seen as authoritative.
no proceeding, PersonX starts the meeting and is seen as authoritative.
PersonX is aware of the process and the task, and is seen as smart.
PersonX and the team are aware of the process and has no task, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is aware of the process and has written the program.
and, no program, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is aware of the process and is working on development.
PersonX and development, no development, is aware of the process and is seen as smart.
PersonX is aware of the process and has a product.
PersonX products are aware of the process and does not produce a product, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is aware of the process and the method, and is seen as smart.
and, no method, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is aware of the process and has completed a task, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and no task, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX is aware of the process and the program, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX not aware of the process and does not program, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX is aware of the process and development, so PersonX feels competent.
and, development, no PersonX is aware of the process, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX is aware of the process and the product, so PersonX feels competent.
and PersonX is aware of the process and does not produce a product, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX is aware of the process and the method, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX not only knows the process and is aware of the method, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX gets a home loan and is in the country, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and no country gets a home loan, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX gets a home loan and gets housing, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and PersonX get a home loan and no longer have to worry about housing, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX gets a home loan and has a bedroom, so PersonX feels successful.
and no bedroom, so PersonX gets a home loan.
PersonX gets a home loan and loves it, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and PersonX get a home loan and does not fall in love, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX gets a home loan and works in an office, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX no longer has an office and gets a home loan, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and does the deed, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX agrees and does not deed, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and is beneficence, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX is not interested in beneficence, and agrees to perform a favor.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and receives a gift, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and PersonX agrees to perform a favor and does not reject the gift, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and is fond, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and, fond, no, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and deeds, so PersonX feels trusted.
PersonX agrees and does not deed a favor, so PersonX feels trusted.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and receives a beneficence, so PersonX feels trusted.
Input and beneficence, PersonX agrees to perform a favor and does not complain, so PersonX feels trusted.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and gives a gift, so PersonX feels trusted.
and no gift, so PersonX feels trusted.
PersonX agrees to perform a favor and is fond of it, so PersonX feels trusted.
and, fond, no , so PersonX feels trusted.
PersonX paints the wall again and again and puts up a poster, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and the wall are painted again and no poster is needed, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX paints the wall again and plays poker, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and his friends paint the wall and does not play poker, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX paints the wall again and wallpapers it again, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX wallpapers the wall again and no wallpaper, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX paints the wall again and again and pargets, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX not PersonX paints the wall again and doesn't parget, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX paints the wall again and finishes the podium, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and paint the wall again and no podium, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX paints the wall again and posters again, so PersonX is seen as creative.
and, no poster, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX paints the wall again and plays poker, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX no longer plays poker and paints the wall again, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX paints the wall again and uses wallpaper, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX and no wallpaper, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX paints the wall again and then pargets again, so PersonX is seen as creative.
and PersonX paints the wall again and does not parget, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX paints the wall again and stands on the podium, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX and paints the wall again and does not have a podium, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX understands personY and fathoms them, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX understand and empathizes with personY and does not fathom, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX understands personY and is ununderstood, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX understands personY and does not ununderstood personY, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX understands personY and stands with them, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX and personY understand each other and does not stand, so PersonX is seen as empathetic.
PersonX understands personY and fathoms them, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX and PersonY understand each other and not fathom, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX understands personY and does not have ununderstood, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX understands personY and does not feel ununderstood, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX understands personY and stands up for them, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX and personY understand personY and does not stand still, so PersonX feels connected.
PersonX invites PersonX over and accepts his invitation, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX invitations him over and does not decline, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX invites him over and wants participation, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
and, participation, no PersonX invites him over so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX invites him over and encourages him, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX encourages him over and does not encourage, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX invites him over and introduces himself, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX introduces him and does not introduce him, so PersonX is seen as a nice guy.
PersonX invites him over and the invitation is accepted, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX invitations him over and does not refuse invitation, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX invites him over and PersonX feels appreciated and participation.
and no participation, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX invites him over and encourages him, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX encourages him over and does not say no, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX invites him over and introduces himself, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX introduces himself and invites him over, and does not introduce, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX gets jealous of PersonY and becomes zealot, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets jealous of PersonY and does not zealot, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets jealous of PersonY and has zeal, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets jealous and does not have zeal, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX realizes he's a genius and a genie, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX realize and he's a genius and no genie, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX realizes he's a genius and is an idiot, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, idiot, no ; PersonX realizes he's a genius so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX is in a boat accident and there is no water, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX and a friend are in a boat accident and there is no water, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is in a boat accident and is a accidence, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is not accidence and was in a boat accident, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is in a boat accident and wreck, so PersonX feels panicked.
and PersonX is in a boat accident and there is no wreck, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is in a boat accident and has to go to the tub, so PersonX feels panicked.
and, tub, no, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is in a boat accident and is on a ship, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX and a friend are in a boat accident and there is no ship, so PersonX feels panicked.
PersonX is in a boat accident and is in water, so is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX and no water, so PersonX is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX is in a boat accident, accidence and is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX has no accidence and was in a boat accident, so PersonX is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX is in a boat accident and has wrecked and is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX not in a boat accident and there is no wreck, so PersonX is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX is in a boat accident and falls into a tub.
PersonX and PersonX are in a boat accident and does not have a tub, so PersonX is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX is in a boat accident and is on a ship.
PersonX and no ship are in a boat accident, so PersonX is seen as accident-prone.
PersonX gets approval and disapproves, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and does not disapprove, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and approves, so PersonX feels important.
not approve, and PersonX gets approval, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and is satisfied with the agreement, so PersonX feels important.
and, no agreement, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and approbation, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and does not receive approbation, so PersonX feels important.
PersonX gets approval and disapproves, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and PersonX gets approval and does not disapprove, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX gets approval and gets approved, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX approves and does not approve, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX gets approval and gets agreement, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and no agreement get approval, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX gets approval and gets approbation, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX gets approval and no approbation, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and does not want to be wounded, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX not wants to give up fighting and does not want to be wounded, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and continues to attack, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX not wishes to give up fighting and does not attack, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and does not want to stop wrestling, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX not wants to give up fighting and doesn't want to stop wrestling, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and does not want to get into arguments, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX not wants to give up fighting and does not want argument, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and matches up, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX matches and does not give up fighting, so PersonX feels brave.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and has wounds, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX not willing to give up fighting and does not want a wound, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and attacks, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX and does not wish to attack, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and does not want to stop wrestling, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX not willing to give up fighting and is not wrestling, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX does not want to give up fighting and does not accept arguments, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX not wants to give up fighting and does not want an argument, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX does not wish to give up fighting and matches up, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX not wanting to give up fighting and does not want to match, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX needs to show proof and is in danger, so PersonX feels nervous.
and, no danger, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX needs to show proof and has to show strength, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX and strength, no need to show proof so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX needs to show proof and needs to prove meaning, so PersonX feels nervous.
and, meaning, no, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX needs to show proof and PersonX is nervous about getting proof, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX not getting proof and needs to show proof, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX needs to show proof and evidence, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX no longer needs to show evidence and does not have evidence, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX saves PersonY's career and bathos, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY's career is saved and PersonX does not lose bathos, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX saves PersonY's career and bathos's life, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX and PersonY save PersonY's career and does not bathos, so PersonX is seen as loyal.
PersonX takes out money and gets cash, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX cash takes out money and does not return it, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX takes out money and takes out dollars, so PersonX feels secure.
and PersonX takes out money and does not have dollar, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX takes out money and puts it in his wallet, so PersonX feels secure.
and, wallet, no PersonX, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX takes out money and runs a budget, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and no budget, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX takes out money and gets a price, so PersonX feels secure.
and PersonX takes out money and does not pay the price, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and is loving, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and, not loving, no ; PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and can talk, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and does not talk, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and moves them around, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX moves a friend’s flat tire and does not move, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and PersonX goes to school, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and no school, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and is a generous girl, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and no girl, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and is loving, so PersonX feels grateful.
and, loving, no PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and talks with them, so PersonX feels grateful.
and PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and does not talk, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and moves the car, so PersonX feels grateful.
and, move, no ; PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and does not move, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and goes to school, so PersonX feels grateful.
and, no school, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX fixes a friend’s flat tire and she’s a girl, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX and her friend fixes a friend’s flat tire and does not have a girl, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX learns to draw and remembers how to draw, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, remember, no ; PersonX learns to draw, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns to draw and is a student, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, student, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns to draw and goes to school, so PersonX feels pleased.
and PersonX learns to draw and does not have to go to school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns to draw and improves his drawing, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, improve, no PersonX learns to draw, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns to draw and has knowledge, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, no knowledge, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX learns to draw and remembers how, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
and PersonX learns to draw and does not remember not to do so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX learns to draw and is a student, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
and PersonX learns to draw and is not a student, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX learns to draw and goes to school, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX and does not go to school, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX learns to draw and improves, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
and PersonX learns to draw and does not improve, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX learns to draw and has knowledge, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
and, no knowledge, so PersonX is seen as artistic.
PersonX crashes the plane and then fails to fly, so PersonX feels scared.
and PersonX crashes the plane and does not fly, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX crashes the plane and attacks the pilot, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX attacks the plane and does not attack, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX crashes the plane and lands on a boat, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX and crashes the plane and does not get a boat, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX crashes the plane and is flying away, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX not flying and crashes the plane, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX crashes the plane and bird so PersonX feels scared.
and, bird, no PersonX crashes the plane, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX crashes the plane and does not fly, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and PersonX crashes the plane and does not fly, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX crashes the plane and PersonX attacks it, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX not attacking the plane and crashes the plane, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX crashes the plane and crashes the boat, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX not crashes the plane and does not return the boat, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX crashes the plane and is seen flying, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and not flying, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX crashes the plane and bird, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and, bird, no, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX's promises are broken and stipulate, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX and stipulate, do not stipulate, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX's promises are broken and reneged on, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX has not reneged on any of its promises and so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX's promises are broken and pledges are not kept, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX pledges not to pay and breaks promises, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX's promises are broken and he is promissory, so PersonX is seen as unreliable.
PersonX is not promissory and no promises are broken.
PersonX's promises are broken and PersonX doesn't stipulate, so PersonX feels betrayed.
and, stipulate, no ; PersonX's promises are broken so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX's promises are broken and renege, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX's promises are broken and does not renege, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX's promises are broken and pledged, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX and pledges are broken and promises not kept, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX's promises are broken and promissory, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX is not a promissory partner and his promises are broken, so PersonX feels betrayed.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and a car, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike for PersonY and no car, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and a hog, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike and PersonX does not have a hog, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and rides it, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike and no one else rides it, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and PersonY handles it, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike and PersonX does not have to handle it, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and gives them a car, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike and PersonX does not car, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and hogs it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gets and bike for PersonY and does not hog PersonY, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and rides it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike for PersonY and PersonX does not ride it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX gets a bike for PersonY and handles it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY get a bike and does not have to handle it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and is a student, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and PersonX learns to cook pancakes and is not a student, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and has the knowledge, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, knowledge, no PersonX learns to cook pancakes, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and improves, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, improve, no PersonX learns to cook pancakes, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and goes to school, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and PersonX learn to cook pancakes and does not go to school, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and remembers the recipe, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX remembers how to cook pancakes and does not forgets the recipe, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and is a student, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX and PersonX learn to cook pancakes and is not a student, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and gains knowledge, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
and, no knowledge, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and improves, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
and, improve, no, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and goes to school, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX not going to school and learns to cook pancakes, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX learns to cook pancakes and remembers how to do it, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX remembers how to cook pancakes and does not forget to eat them, so PersonX is seen as a good cook.
PersonX visits a graveyard and is a mourner, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX is not a mourner and visits a graveyard, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits a graveyard and plays sport, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX no longer plays sports and visits a graveyard, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits a graveyard and a churchyard, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits and visits a graveyard and does not visit a churchyard, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits a graveyard and does not chastise the dead, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits and visits a graveyard and does not chastise anyone, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits a graveyard and sextons it, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX visits and does not sexton, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX eats as much as he wantss and is satisfied with his food, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and no food, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and is having fun, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not having any problem and eats as much as he wants, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and doesn't worry about nutrition, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not eating as much as he wants and does not worry about nutrition, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and gets stuff, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonX eats as much as he wants and does not buy stuff, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and hates nothing, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX no longer hates food and eats as much as he wants, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and is not constrained by food, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
and, no food, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and doesn't stop having food, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
and, having, no, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and does not pay attention to nutrition, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX no longer pays attention to nutrition and eats as much as he wants, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and stuff, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
and no stuff, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX eats as much as he wants and hates nothing, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
and, hate, no, so PersonX is seen as a glutton.
PersonX rises early and does not drop, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX drops out early and does not drop, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX wakes up early and is energized in the morning.
PersonX and PersonX do not wake up in the morning, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX rises early and shines, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX and does not shine, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX rises early and feels warming, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX not warming and rises early, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX rises early and sets up early, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX sets PersonX up early and does not set any goals, so PersonX feels energized.
PersonX cares for a baby and gives birth, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonX care for a baby and does not give birth, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX cares for a baby and has a daughter, so PersonX feels happy.
and, daughter, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX cares for a baby and loves the baby, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX loves a baby and does not judge the baby, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX cares for a baby and provides support, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX supports a baby and does not need support, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX cares for a baby and looks after the baby's health, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no health, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX cares for a baby and gives birth, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
and PersonX cares for a baby and does not give birth, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX cares for a baby and has a daughter, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
and PersonX cares for a baby and does not have a daughter, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX cares for a baby and loves them, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX loves a baby and does not hate the baby, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX cares for a baby and supports it, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX and cares for a baby and does not offer support, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX cares for a baby and is concerned about their health, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
and, no health, so PersonX is seen as nurturing.
PersonX starts to shoot and stops, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX stops shooting and does not stop, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX starts to shoot and moves around, so PersonX feels in control.
and PersonX starts to shoot and does not move, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX starts to seed PersonX and PersonX feels in control.
and seed, no PersonX starts to shoot, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX starts to shoot and boots up, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and starts to shoot and no boot, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX starts to shoot and checks for accuracy, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and starts to shoot and does not check, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX starts to shoot and stops, so PersonX is seen as talented.
not_duplicate PersonX starts to shoot and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX starts to shoot and moves around, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX starts to shoot and does not move, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX starts to shoot and is seeded, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX starts to shoot and no seed, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX starts to shoot and shoots boot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and starts to shoot and no boot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX starts to shoot and checks out the scene, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and check, no, PersonX starts to shoot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and PersonY makes the choice, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the chance and PersonX does not make a choice, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and the option, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY no option, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and PersonY demonstrates skill, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the chance and PersonX does not expect skill, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance to ask a question, and PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY the chance and not question, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and is part of the community, so PersonX feels kind.
and, community, no, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and makes the choice, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY give no choice, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and chooses the option, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY have no option, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and PersonY has the skill, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY do not have any skill, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and questions PersonY, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY have no question, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX gives PersonY the chance and PersonY joins the community, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY have no community, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX buys a job application and applies, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and PersonX buys a job application and does not apply, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX buys a job application and gets a driver's license, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and, driver, no driver, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX buys a job application and downloads the software, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and does not buy any software, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX buys a job application and contracts for it, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX and buys a job application and no contract, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX buys a job application and receives payment, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and, no payment, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX trips on a pothole and trips a distance, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
and, distance, no, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX trips on a pothole and rides away, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX rides on a pothole and does not ride, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX trips on a pothole and pothunter ; so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX trips and falls on a pothole and does not hunt for pothunter, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX trips on a pothole and loses a penny, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
and, no penny, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX trips on a pothole and lifts up, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX and a friend trip on a pothole and there is no lift, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and the building, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, no building, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and man up, so PersonX feels pleased.
man, no PersonX invites PersonY to the house and PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and the school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY invite PersonY to the house and there is no school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and has a bedroom, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a bedroom, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and has a store, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY invite PersonY to the house and does not store anything, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and builds the building, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and, building, no ; PersonX invites PersonY to the house so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and is a good man, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY invite each other to the house and do not say man, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and invites them to school, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY invite each other to PersonY's house and does not attend school, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and has a bedroom, so PersonX is seen as generous.
and, no bedroom, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX invites PersonY to the house and has a store, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY invite PersonY to the house and no store, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX thinks the couple are right for each other and is a lancer, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and the couple are right for each other, and PersonX does not want to be a lancer, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX fears that PersonY will leave and PersonY is a funk, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX fears and PersonY does not want funk, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX fears PersonY will leave and frighten, so PersonX feels worried.
and, frighten, no, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX writes a nasty review and examines an examination, so PersonX feels angry.
and no examination, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX writes a nasty review and a study, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX studies no and writes a nasty review, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX writes a nasty review and reports it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX reports a nasty review and does not report it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX writes a nasty review and responds with an angry response, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and writes a nasty review and does not receive a response, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX writes a nasty review and tests a trial, so PersonX feels angry.
and, trial, no, PersonX writes a nasty review, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX writes a nasty review and examines examinations, so PersonX is seen as critical.
not_duplicate PersonX writes a nasty review and doesn't allow examination, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX writes a nasty review and studies a study, so PersonX is seen as critical.
and, study, no, PersonX writes a nasty review, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX writes a nasty review and reports it, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX reports a review and does not report it, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX writes a nasty review and responds with a negative response, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX and PersonX write a nasty review and no response, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX writes a nasty review and trial, so PersonX is seen as critical.
and, trial, no ; PersonX writes a nasty review, so PersonX is seen as critical.
PersonX takes more lessons and teaches others, so PersonX feels more confident.
PersonX and teacherX takes more lessons and does not teach, so PersonX feels more confident.
PersonX takes more lessons and teaches them, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and his friends take more lessons and does not teach, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and has a card, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and PersonX enjoys reading a good book and does not refuse a card, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and enjoys writing paper, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and PersonX enjoys reading a good book and does not use paper, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and sheets, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and PersonX enjoys reading a good book and does not have a sheet, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and loves writing, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
Person and enjoys reading a good book and not writing, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and has an album, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and does not have an album, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and has a card, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX and enjoys reading a good book and does not have a card, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and writes on paper, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX and PersonX do not use paper, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and sheets, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX and does not have a sheet, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and enjoys writing, so PersonX feels peaceful.
and no writing, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX enjoys reading a good book and has an album, so PersonX feels peaceful.
and, no album, so PersonX feels peaceful.
PersonX tells PersonY on the first date about the movie and the movie, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a movie, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX tells PersonY on the first date and time, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX notifies PersonY on the first date and does not ask time, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX tells PersonY on the first date and year, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX and PersonY do not mention a year on the first date, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX tells PersonY on the first date and the day before, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
and, day, no PersonX tells PersonY on the first date, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX tells PersonY on the first date and pays for the month, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX notifies PersonY on the first date and does not mention the month, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX can cook and burn, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no burn, PersonX feels proud.
PersonX can cook and can make music, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no music, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX can cook and uses steam, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and steam, no PersonX can cook, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX can cook and makes food, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and no food, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX can cook and dress up, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX not able to dress up, and can cook, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX can cook and burn, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and PersonX can cook and can not burn, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX can cook and plays music, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and no music, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX can cook and can steam water, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and personX not steam, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX can cook and likes food, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and, food, no, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX can cook and dress up, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not dress up and does not dress, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and PersonY messages it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and PersonY throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not receive a message, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not catch the letter, so PersonX feels angry.
and PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage, and not catch it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and dumps it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX dumps PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not dump it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and it flashes, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX flashes PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not return it, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and moves away, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX moves PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not move, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX throws PersonY's message in the garbage and does not read it, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
no message, PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not read it, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not catch the letter, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX and PersonY throw PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not catch them, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and dumps it, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX dumps PersonY's letter in the garbage and does not return it, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and flashes, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX and PersonY throw PersonY's letter in the garbage, so PersonX is seen as impulsive and flash, no.
PersonX throws PersonY's letter in the garbage and moves on, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX moves PersonY's letter and does not move, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX's car is towed and the rider is not home, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and his car are towed and PersonX has no rider, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX's car is towed and trains arrive, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and his car are towed and there is no train, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX's car is towed and horse is behind it, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX no longer has a horse and his car is towed, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX's car is towed and the driver feels frustrated, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and his car are towed and there is no driver, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX's car is towed and his bike is stolen, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX and his car are towed and no bike is found, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX's car is towed and the rider has to pay for it, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX and the rider's car are towed, and there is no rider, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX's car is towed and there is a train, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX and his car are towed and there is no train, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX's car is towed and his horse is dragged, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and, horse, no PersonX's car is towed, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX's car is towed, and the driver is not home, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX not a driver and his car is towed, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX's car is towed and his bike stolen, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
and, no bike, so PersonX is seen as irresponsible.
PersonX decides to work out and has a job, so PersonX feels excited.
not_duplicate PersonX decides to work out and has no job, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX decides to work out and does not have to worry about time, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX decides to work out and does not have to worry about time, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX decides to work out and feels excited about the decision, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX decides to work out and does not make any decision, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX decides to work out and is given a task, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and decides to work out and no task, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX decides to work out and starts thinking about it, so PersonX feels excited.
and, thinking, no, PersonX decides to work out so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX decides to work out and gets a job, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and no job, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to work out and decides that time is of the essence, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and decides to work out and does not give up on time, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to work out and makes a decision, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decisions to work out and does not make a decision, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to work out and tasks herself with a task, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and no task, so PersonX decides to work out and is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to work out and is thinking, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and PersonX decides to work out and does not stop thinking, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX hides the facts and does not expose reality, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX notifies the reality and hides the facts, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides the facts and concepts, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and concept, no PersonX hides the facts so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides the facts and does not tell the truth, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, truth, no, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides the facts and effects PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX and no effect, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX hides the facts and does not disclose the history, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
and, history, no personX hides the facts, so PersonX is seen as dishonest.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and finds a baby dog, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and the dog searches for the lost dog and does not find a baby, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and watches it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX watches for the lost dog and does not watch, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and finds a horse, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no horse, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and shakes it, so PersonX feels excited.
and shake, no ; PersonX looks for the lost dog so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and finds a wolf, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX looks for the lost dog and does not find a wolf, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and has a baby, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX and the dog look for the lost dog and does not have a baby, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and watches, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX watches for the lost dog and does not wear a watch, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and horse, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX and the horse did not find the horse, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and shakes his tail, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX and the dog is not shaken, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX looks for the lost dog and wolf, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX searches and does not find a wolf, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and watches a movie, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX accepts PersonY's date and there is no movie, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and the year, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's date and no year, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and the day, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's date and does not complain about the day, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and time, so PersonX feels happy.
and, time, no PersonX accepts PersonY's date, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and the month, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's date and does not object to the month, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and makes a movie, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's date and no movie, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and year, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY accepts PersonY's date and does not reject the year, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and day, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY accepts PersonY's date and no day, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and time, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX no longer accepts PersonY's date and does not change the time, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX accepts PersonY's date and month, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a month, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX stinks at his job and has no contract, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX and no contract, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX stinks at his job and has a stint, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
and does not stint, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX stinks at his job and does not trade, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX and trade, no, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX stinks at his job and is a doctor, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX not stinks at his job and is not a doctor, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX stinks at his job and doesn't stitch, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
and PersonX stinks at his job and has no stitch, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX stinks at his job and has no contract, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX and his job stinks at his job and there is no contract, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX stinks at his job and has a stint, so PersonX feels bad.
and, no stint, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX stinks at his job and wants to trade, so PersonX feels bad.
and, no trade, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX stinks at his job and is a doctor, so PersonX feels bad.
not PersonX stinks at his job and is not a doctor, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX stinks at his job and has no stitch, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX and stitch, no, stinks at his job, so PersonX feels bad.
PersonX hits the spot and hits a dot, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no dot, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX really hits the spot and turns it around, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX notches the spot and doesn't turn, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX really hits the spot and is in the right location, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and location, location, no ; Output: PersonX feels confident.
PersonX really hits the spot and hits the club, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and the club do not have a club, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX really hits the spot and is a dog, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no dog, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX really hits the spot and has a dot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and do not hit the dot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX really hits the spot and turns heads, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not only hits the spot and does not turn away, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX really hits the spot and has a location, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and location are not a constraint, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX really hits the spot and gets into the club, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and club, no, really hits the spot, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX really hits the spot and has a dog, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX really hits the spot and does not have a dog, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has the time of his life and the day is long, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and his friends have the time of his life and does not miss a single day, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has the time of his life and a month off, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and has the time of his life and no month, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has the time of his life and has a term, so PersonX feels pleased.
and PersonX has the time of his life and no term, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has the time of his life and the year, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and no year, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX has the time of his life and sees the world, so PersonX feels pleased.
and PersonX has the time of his life and there is no world, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and is fiction, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY tell PersonY a long story and PersonX does not write fiction, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and PersonY news, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY tell PersonY a long story and no news, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and has an episode, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY tell a long story and does not mention an episode, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and PersonY has a theme, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY tell a long story and PersonX has no theme, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX tells PersonX a long story and makes a movie, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY tells PersonY a long story and PersonX does not watch a movie, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and is fiction, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX and PersonY tell a long story and PersonX does not write fiction, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and publishes news, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX and PersonYY tell a long story and no news, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and PersonY has an episode, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX and PersonY tell a long story and do not have an episode, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX tells PersonY a long story and has a theme, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX and PersonY tell a long story and does not have a theme, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX tells PersonY a story and makes a movie, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX and PersonY tell PersonY a long story and no movie, so PersonX is seen as an interesting person.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and a name, so PersonX feels polite.
and, name, no ; PersonX uses a few tactful words so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and language, so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX not using language and uses tactful words, so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and is spoken, so PersonX feels polite.
and, spoken, no ; PersonX uses a few tactful words so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and talks, so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX talks tactfully and does not talk, so PersonX feels polite.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and has a good name, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, name, no, PersonX uses a few tactful words, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and uses language, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonX use a few tactful words and does not use language, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and has spoken, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, spoken, no ; PersonX uses a few tactful words so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX uses a few tactful words and talks, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks a few tactful words and does not talk, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX has no fever and does not feel fervor, so PersonX feels healthy.
PersonX has no fever and does not have fervor, so PersonX feels healthy.
PersonX has no fever and is not fervent, so PersonX feels healthy.
PersonX has no fever and fervent, so PersonX feels healthy.
PersonX has a beautiful smile and a muscle, so PersonX is seen as attractive.
and PersonX has a beautiful smile and no muscle, so PersonX is seen as attractive.
PersonX has a beautiful smile and smirk, so PersonX is seen as attractive.
PersonX has beautiful smile and does not smirk, so PersonX is seen as attractive.
PersonX has a beautiful smile and muscle, so PersonX feels beautiful.
and, no muscle, so PersonX feels beautiful.
PersonX has a beautiful smile and is smirking, so PersonX feels beautiful.
PersonX has a beautiful smile and no smirk, so PersonX feels beautiful.
PersonX does someone a good turn and gives them a nice spin, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and does someone a good turn and does not spin, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX does someone a good turn and moves on, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX moves someone around and does not move, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX does someone a good turn and is moving, so PersonX is seen as nice.
not moving, does someone a good turn and does not move, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX does someone a good turn and switches, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and PersonX do someone a good turn and do not switch, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX does someone a good turn and throws a coin, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX throws someone a good turn and does not throw, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX does someone a good turn and spins the coin, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and someone else do a good turn and do not spin, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX does someone a good turn and moves them along, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and does someone a good turn and does not move, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX does someone a good turn and is moving, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and not moving, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX does someone a good turn and switches on a switch, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonX does someone a good turn and does not switch, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX does someone a good turn and, throws a party, so PersonX feels pleased.
and does not throw, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and has a good year, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX and a friend get to the airport on time and does not miss the year, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and has a month to spare, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX and gets to the airport in time and does not miss a month, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and is on the air, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX not air, and does not arrive late, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and is on the airfield, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX does not get to the airfield and does not leave the airport, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX gets to the airport and port in time, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX notifies the port and arrives on time, so PersonX is seen as punctual.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and does not miss the year, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no year, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and has a good month, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and the personX get to the airport in time and does not miss a month, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and gets air, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and gets to the airport in time and does not miss any air, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and finds an airfield, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX does not miss the airport and gets to the airfield in time, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gets to the airport in time and has port, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX no port and gets to the airport in time, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and is willing to help them, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX helps treat PersonY and does not offer help, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and has a contract, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a contract, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and is willing to make a deal, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX deals with PersonY and does not make a deal, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and makes payment, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY offers to treat PersonY and does not refuse payment, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and works on a project, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY offer to treat each other and no project, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and helps them, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to treat PersonY and does not ask for help, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and has a contract, so PersonX feels kind.
and, contract, no, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and is willing to deal, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX deals with PersonY and offers to treat them, and there is no deal, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and offers payment, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY offer to treat PersonY and does not receive payment, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX offers to treat PersonY and, project, so PersonX feels kind.
and PersonX offers to treat PersonY no project, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and shows respect, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and PersonY trust PersonY with responsibility and does not expect respect, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and shows faithfulness, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX does not trust PersonY with responsibility and does not expect faithfulness, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and feels secure because PersonY has accountability, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and PersonY trust each other and not accountability, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and gets success, so PersonX feels secure.
and PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and does not worry about success, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX trusts PersonY with responsibility and is trustworthiness, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX believes and trusts PersonY with responsibility and does not question PersonY's trustworthiness, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX defeats her rival and surrenders, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX and her rival did not surrender, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX defeats her rival and destroys it, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX destroys her rival and does not destroy anything, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX defeats her rival and does not fail, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX fails to defeat her rival and does not fail, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX defeats her rival and has an event, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and, no event, PersonX defeats her rival so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX defeats her rival and surrenders, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and her opponent defeat their rivals and does not surrender, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX defeats her rival and destroys it, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX destroys her rival and does not destroy her rival, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX defeats her rival and fails, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX fails to defeat her rival and does not die, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX defeats her rival and is rewarded with an event, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and her rival defeat each other and does not lose the event, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and PersonY opens the door, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY ask to go for a walk and does not open the door, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and walks along path, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to go for a walk and do not follow the path, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and steps forward, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY ask to go for a walk and does not step, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and takes a flight, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to go for a walk and do not take flight, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and the park, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY ask to go for a walk and do not park, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and the door opens, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to go for a walk and no one opens the door, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and finds a path, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonY ask each other to go for a walk and does not find a path, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and PersonY steps in, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonY ask to go for a walk and not step, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and PersonY takes a flight, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to go for a walk and does not take a flight, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX asks PersonY to go for a walk and PersonY finds a park, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonY decide to go for a walk and there is no park nearby, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX is on a journey and is seen as going jaunty.
PersonX is travelling and is not jaunting, so personX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is on a journey and is on the look out for adventure.
and, no adventure, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is on an odyssey and is seen as adventurous.
PersonX has no odyssey and is on a journey, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX is on a journey and has been jaunted, so PersonX feels tired.
and, no jaunt, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX is on a journey and is tired of the adventure, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX and a friend are on a journey and does not have any adventure, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX is on a journey and is odyssey, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX is on a journey and does not reach odyssey, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX helps everyone and harms no one, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX not only helps everyone and does not harm anyone, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX helps everyone and supports them, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX supports everyone and does not charge for support, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX helps everyone and saves money, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX saves everyone and does not need to save anyone, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX helps everyone and saves money, saving everyone, so PersonX is seen as nice.
not_duplicate PersonX helps everyone and is not saving, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX helps everyone and benefits everyone, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX benefits everyone and does not discriminate, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX helps everyone and does not harm anyone, so PersonX feels valued.
and harm, no harm, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX helps everyone and supports everyone, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX supports everyone and does not need support, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX helps everyone and saves money, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX saves no one and helps everyone, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX helps everyone and is saving, so PersonX feels valued.
not saving, PersonX helps everyone and so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX helps everyone and benefits everyone, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX benefits everyone and does not receive any benefit, so PersonX feels valued.
PersonX realizes he is not alone and realism, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, realism, no PersonX realizes he is not alone, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX realizes he is not alone in this realization and feels relieved.
PersonX and the realization that he is not alone, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX realizes he is not alone and harmonizes with others, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX realizes not alone and does not need to harmonize, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX writes a news article and reports on the story, so PersonX is seen as objective.
and, no story, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX writes a news article and reports on it, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX reports on a news article and does not write a report, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX writes a news article and has a column, so PersonX is seen as objective.
and, column, no PersonX writes a news article, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX writes a news article and it is published in the morning, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX and morning, no write a news article, so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX writes a news article and updates it, so PersonX is seen as objective.
and, update, no ; PersonX writes a news article so PersonX is seen as objective.
PersonX writes a news article and tells a story, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, story, no PersonX writes a news article so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX writes a news article and reports it, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX reports a news article and does not report, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX writes a news article and puts it in a column, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, column, no, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX writes a news article and publishes it in the morning, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, morning, no, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX writes a news article and updates it, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX anderson writes a news article and does not update it, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX loses belongings and closeness, so PersonX feels sad.
and, closeness, no PersonX loses belongings, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX loses belongings and closeness, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX lose and does not have closeness, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to spar spar, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and wants to join a sports team and not spar, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to be part of a group, so PersonX feels excited.
and, group, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to play a game, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no game, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to play afters, so PersonX feels excited.
and, afters, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants a club, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and wants to join a sports team but does not want to leave the club, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to spar, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and wants to join a sports team and does not want to spar, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to be part of a group, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and PersonY want to join a sports team and not a group, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to play games, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX not wants to join a sports team and does not want to play games, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and is looking for afters, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants and no afters to join a sports team, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to join a sports team and wants to be part of a club, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and does not want to join a club, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX shows him where it hurts and episode, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and no episode, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX shows him where it hurts and performance demonstrates compassion, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
and performance, no PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX shows him where it hurts and deals with it, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and shows him where it hurts and says no deal, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX shows him where it hurts and makes a movie, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
and no movie, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX shows him where it hurts and projects a project, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX and the project show him where it hurts and does not force him into a project, so PersonX is seen as compassionate.
PersonX learns to be quiet and remembers, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX remembers to be quiet and does not say anything, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX learns to be quiet and goes to school, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and learns to be quiet and does not go to school, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX learns to be quiet and is a student, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and PersonX learns to be quiet and does not become a student, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX learns to be quiet and improves, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and, improve, no PersonX learns to be quiet so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX learns to be quiet and has knowledge, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and no knowledge, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX learns to be quiet and does not remember, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX remembers to be quiet and does not say anything, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX learns to be quiet and goes to school, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX and her friends learn to be quiet and does not go to school, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX learns to be quiet and is a student, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX students learn to be quiet and is not a student, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX learns to be quiet and improves, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
and PersonX learns to be quiet and does not improve, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX learns to be quiet and has knowledge, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
and, knowledge, no, PersonX learns to be quiet, so PersonX is seen as obedient.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and her health and is seen as supportive.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and no health issues, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s security and is seen as supportive.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and are not concerned about security, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and sees no danger, so personX is seen as supportive.
and, no danger, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and protection.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and does not want protection, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and wants to protect them.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and do not need to be protected, so PersonX is seen as supportive.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and health, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY are safe and PersonX is not worried about PersonY’s health, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and security, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and have no concerns about security, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and there is no danger, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and there is no danger, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and protection, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY’s safety and do not need protection, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is excited about PersonY’s safety and wants to protect them, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY are excited about PersonY not being protected, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX thinks he was followed and travels, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX and his friends think he was followed and does not travel, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX thinks he was followed and wants to write a report, so PersonX feels worried.
and, write, no, PersonX thinks he was followed so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX thinks he was followed and tries to learn, so PersonX feels worried.
and PersonX thinks he was followed and does not learn anything, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX thinks he was followed and talks, so PersonX feels worried.
and, no talk, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX thinks he was followed and reasons why, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX reasons he was followed and does not know why, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX looks through the keyhole and drops, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonX looks through the keyhole and does not see a drop, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks through the keyhole and sees the door, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and the door do not open, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX looks through the keyhole and sees a hole, so PersonX feels curious.
and PersonX looks through the keyhole and no hole, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX continues her journey and continues to odyssey, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX continues her journey and is not odyssey, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX continues her journey and finds adventure, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
and, adventure, no PersonX continues her journey, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX continues her journey and continues to jaunt, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX continues and is not jaunty, so PersonX is seen as adventurous.
PersonX continues her journey and odyssey, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX continues her journey and does not odyssey, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX continues her journey and finds adventure, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and her journey continues and PersonX does not stop for adventure, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX continues her journey and continues her jaunt, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX continues and does not jaunt off, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX visits your town and visits your city, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX not visiting your town and no city, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX visits your town and sees your street, so PersonX is seen as nice.
and PersonX visits your town and does not visit the street, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX visits your town and spends a ton of time there, so PersonX is seen as nice.
and, ton, no PersonX visits your town so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX visits your town and sells in the market, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX and no market, so PersonX is seen as nice.
PersonX visits your city and PersonX feels happy.
and no city, so PersonX visits your town and feels happy.
PersonX visits your town and sees the street, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and you visit your town and there is no street, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits your town and visits your ton, so PersonX feels happy.
and, ton, no PersonX visits your town, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX visits your town and sees your town's market, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and you visit your town and there is no market, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX only pretends to suffer so PersonX is seen as a liar and pretentiousness ; Output:
PersonX does not suffer and only pretentiousness, so PersonX is seen as a liar.
PersonX only pretends to suffer, so PersonX is seen as a liar and pretense.
PersonX does not suffer and only pretenses to suffer, so PersonX is seen as a liar.
PersonX only pretensions to suffer and does not actually suffer, so PersonX is seen as a liar.
PersonX pretensions only and does not suffer, so PersonX is seen as a liar.
PersonX blows an opportunity, opportunism and is selfish, so PersonX is seen as selfish.
PersonX blows an opportunity and is opportunism not, so PersonX is seen as selfish.
PersonX blows an opportunity and is opportuneness, so PersonX is seen as selfish.
PersonX blows an opportunity, not taking opportuneness, and PersonX is seen as selfish.
PersonX blows an opportunity and is seen as opportunist.
PersonX blows an opportunity and not opportunist, so PersonX is seen as selfish.
PersonX blows an opportunity, so PersonX feels opportunism and disappointed.
PersonX blows an opportunity and no opportunism, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX blows an opportunity and opportuneness, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX blows an opportunity and opportuneness is not enough, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX blows an opportunity and is opportunist, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX blows an opportunity and does not opportunist, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX reads the books and writes the paper, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX and PersonYY read the books and does not touch paper, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX reads the books and gives personY a card, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX and personY read the books and does not play cards, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX reads the books to personY and writing, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
not writing, PersonX reads the books and does not write, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX reads the books and personY makes the album, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
and PersonX reads the books to personY and there is no album, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX reads the books to personY and fills in the sheet, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX and PersonY read the books and no sheet, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX reads the books to personY and writes them on paper, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and PersonY read the books and does not use paper, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX reads the books to personY and gives them a card, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
card PersonX reads the books to personY and does not buy a card, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX reads the books and writes writing, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and PersonY read the books and no writing, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX reads the books to personY and makes an album, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and personY read the books to personY and does not listen to the album, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX reads the books to personY and sheets, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and personY read the books and does not leave sheet, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX goes back to counseling and receives assistance, so PersonX feels better.
PersonX no assistance, so PersonX feels better and goes back to counseling.
PersonX goes back to counseling and receives assistance, so PersonX is seen as sensitive.
PersonX no longer seeks counseling and does not receive assistance, so PersonX is seen as sensitive.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and PersonY has storage, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY back their wallet and no storage, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX gives PersonY his wallet and folders, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY back his wallet and no folder, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX gives PersonY his wallet back and PersonY gets money, so PersonX is seen as honest.
and, no money, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and containers it, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a container, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX gives PersonY his wallet and PersonY returns his pocket money, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY back their wallet and PersonX does not have a pocket, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and gives him storage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonX back their wallets and PersonX has no storage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and PersonY gives PersonX a folder, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonX back their wallet and no folder, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and gives him money, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY back his wallet and no money, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and containers, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY both give PersonY back their wallet and no container, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY back his wallet and PersonY pockets, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY back his wallet and PersonX does not have any pocket money, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX breaks in two and needs repair, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX not breaks in two and cannot repair it, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX breaks in two and does damage, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX and breaks in two and does not have any damage, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX breaks in two and is a wreck, so PersonX feels helpless.
and, wreck, no PersonX breaks in two, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX breaks in two and has a storm, so PersonX feels helpless.
and, storm, no PersonX breaks in two, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX breaks in two and plays, so PersonX feels helpless.
and PersonX breaks in two and does not play, so PersonX feels helpless.
PersonX learns of God and goes to school, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX learns of God and does not attend school, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns of God and improves, so PersonX feels happy.
and, improve, PersonX learns of God and does not improve, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns of God and is a student, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX learns of God and is not a student, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns of God and remembers His name, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX remembers God and does not forget, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns of God and gains knowledge, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX notifies God and does not have any knowledge of God, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX feels worse and is in danger.
and, danger, no, so PersonX feels hopeless.
PersonX feels worse and has problems.
PersonX and no problem, so PersonX feels hopeless.
PersonX feels worse and evil, so Personx feels hopeless.
and, evil, no, so PersonX feels worse.
PersonX feels worse and is not good.
PersonX and PersonX feel worse and no good, so PersonX feels hopeless.
PersonX feels worse and is dirty.
and, dirty, no.
PersonX manages to achieve it and man feels accomplished.
and, man, no, PersonX manages to achieve it so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX manages to achieve it and manus achieves it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and no manus, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX manages to achieve it and is a woodman, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX does not attempt woodman, and manages to achieve it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX manages to achieve it and then menage it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, menage, no PersonX manages to achieve it, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX manages to achieve it and is a selectman, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, selectman, no.
PersonX manages to achieve it and is a man, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and PersonX manage to achieve it and man, no man, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manages to achieve it and manus it, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not manus, and manages to achieve it, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manages to achieve it and is a woodman, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX does not have to be a woodman and manages to achieve it, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manages to achieve it and menage, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manages and does not menage, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manages to achieve it and is a selectman, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX manage and does not selectman, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX volunteers for service and is a privateer, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers and does not become a privateer, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers for service and the company pays for it, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, company, no, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers for service and customer, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, no customer, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers for service and works in the office, so PersonX feels motivated.
and PersonX volunteers for service and no office, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers for service and participates in a program, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, no program, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX volunteers for service and is not a privateer, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX volunteers and is not a privateer, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX volunteers for service and does not work for the company, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and PersonX volunteers for service and does not have a company, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX volunteers for service and is a customer, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, customer, no, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX volunteers for service and works in office, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, office, no PersonX volunteers for service, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX volunteers for service and is a program, so PersonX is seen as kind.
Person not volunteer for service and does not participate in a program, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and finds a street, so PersonX feels confused.
and, street, no, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and does not find the goods, so PersonX feels confused.
and, good, no PersonX gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and loses the road, so PersonX feels confused.
and, road, no PersonX gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and loses the business, so PersonX feels confused.
and, business, no PersonX gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and doesn't know the city, so PersonX feels confused.
and PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and does not know the city, so PersonX feels confused.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and doesn't get to the street, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX and street, no street, gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and does not arrive in good time, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
and, good, no PersonX gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and has to take the road, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
and, road, no, PersonX gets lost on the way to the market, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and doesn't get into business, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX and no business, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and misses the city, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
and PersonX gets lost on the way to the market and does not find the city, so PersonX is seen as clumsy.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and does not take time off, so PersonX feels tired.
and PersonX trains for 4 hours and does not have time, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and the year is over, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX and does not have a year, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and day, so PersonX feels tired.
and PersonX trains for 4 hours and does not sleep a day, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and miles, so PersonX feels tired.
and, mile, no PersonX feels tired.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and feels tired in the morning, so PersonX feels tired.
and PersonX trains for 4 hours, and does not wake up in the morning, so PersonX feels tired.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and takes time off, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
and, no time, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and year PersonX is seen as disciplined.
and, no year, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and day, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
and PersonX trains for 4 hours and no day, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and does a mile, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
and, no mile, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
PersonX trains for 4 hours and morning, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
and, morning, no ; Output PersonX trains for 4 hours, so PersonX is seen as disciplined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and then tinkers with it, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides not to tinker and so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and whacks it, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides and does not whack, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and makes a chase, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and chase, no, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and makes a contribution, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and no contribution, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and fawns about it, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides not to make a fawn and does not give up, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and is tinkering, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to try and does not tinker, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and is rewarded with a whack, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and does not whack, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and makes a chase, so PersonX feels determined.
and PersonX decides to make an attempt and does not chase, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and wants to make a contribution, so PersonX feels determined.
and, no contribution, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to make an attempt and fawns, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX decides to try and not fawn, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX asks PersonY to stay home and does not seek permission, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to stay home and does not seek help, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX asks PersonY to stay home and then waits for them to return home, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
and, wait, no, PersonX asks PersonY to stay home so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX asks PersonY to stay home and sleep so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY do not sleep, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX asks PersonY to stay home and PersonY answers, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to stay home and answer no, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX requests PersonY to stay home and does not leave, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX requests PersonY to stay home and does not leave, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX says something ridiculous and is priceless, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says and does not priceless, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and is ridiculed, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says and does not ridicule something ridiculous, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and screwy, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and does not do anything screwy, so PersonX feels foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and is priceless, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX and says something ridiculous and is not priceless, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and is ridiculed, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX says and does not say something ridicule, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and screwy, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX says something ridiculous and does not mean to be screwy, so PersonX is seen as foolish.
PersonX believes in the values of tolerance and attributes attributes, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, attribute, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX believes in the values of tolerance and quality, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonX believe in the values of tolerance and does not expect quality, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX believes in the values of tolerance and tissue, so PersonX feels pleased.
and tissue, no PersonX believes in the values of tolerance, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX believes in the values of tolerance and prices, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and believes in the values of tolerance and does not mind the price, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX believes in the values of tolerance and tribute, so PersonX feels pleased.
and no tribute, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and makes food, so PersonX feels determined.
and PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and does not find food, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and finds it, finding it, so PersonX feels determined.
and PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe, finding no recipe, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and debugs it, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches and PersonY's recipe is not debugged, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and googles it, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX googles for PersonY's recipe and does not use google, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and gropes, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches and PersonY does not grope about PersonY's recipe, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and searches for food, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX and PersonY are not interested in food, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and findings it, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX not finding PersonY's recipe and does not find it, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and debugs it, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches and finds PersonY's recipe and no longer debugs, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and googles it, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX googles PersonY's recipe and finds no recipe, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches for PersonY's recipe and finds grope, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX searches and finds PersonY's recipe and does not grope, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX admits to being afraid and makes the admission, so PersonX feels vulnerable.
PersonX admissions to being afraid and does not answer questions, so PersonX feels vulnerable.
PersonX admits to being afraid and permits, so PersonX feels vulnerable.
and PersonX admits to being afraid and does not permit, so PersonX feels vulnerable.
PersonX is buried in the snow and has to eat sugar, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX and a friend are buried in the snow and there is no sugar, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX is buried in the snow and sleds, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX has no sled and is buried in the snow, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX is buried in the snow and sledding, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX is buried and not sledding, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX is buried in the snow and salt, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX and a friend are buried in the snow and there is no salt, so PersonX feels cold.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and PersonY's health, so PersonX is seen as caring.
and, health, no, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and gives her cash, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and no cash is needed, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and PersonY has an attack, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and is a doctor, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and PersonX does not tell PersonY that PersonY is a doctor, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and provides treatment, so PersonX is seen as caring.
and PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and does not refuse treatment, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and checks them for health, so PersonX feels responsible.
and, no health, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and gives them cash, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and does not have cash, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and attacks PersonY, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and does not attack PersonY, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and finds a doctor, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and no doctor is found, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX checks PersonY into the hospital and receives treatment, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX and PersonY check PersonY into the hospital and does not refuse treatment, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX accuse PersonY of looking like that and drib, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX dribs PersonY for looking like that and does not like it, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and shrew PersonX feels upset.
and, shrew, no PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and gives praise, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonY scold each other for looking like that, and no one praises PersonY, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and PersonY bounces back, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonY scold PersonY for looking like that and not bouncing, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and PersonY is drib, so PersonX is seen as mean.
and, drib, no PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and PersonY looks like a shrew, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX shrewds PersonY for not looking like that and PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and praises them, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX praises PersonY for looking like that and does not praise them, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX scolds PersonY for looking like that and bounces back, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX and PersonY do not bounce back, so PersonX is seen as mean.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and pours them metal, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY pour a glass of wine and do not wear metal, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and drinks beer, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY pour a glass of wine and no beer, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and vines, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and leaves no vine, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and uses water, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY pour a glass of wine and do not drink water, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and a lake, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and, no lake, PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and PersonY puts the metal down, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX and PersonY pour a glass of wine and no metal, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and drinks beer, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX and PersonY pour a glass of wine and PersonX does not drink beer, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and PersonY does not smell vine, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a vine, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and drinks water, so PersonX feels caring.
and PersonY does not drink water, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX pours PersonY a glass of wine and PersonX looks at a lake, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX and PersonY pours a glass of wine and PersonX does not see a lake, so PersonX feels caring.
PersonX understands the new instructions and is able to instruct, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX notifies the new instructions and does not instruct, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX understands the new instructions and execution, so PersonX feels confident.
and execution, no PersonX feels confident.
PersonX understands the new instructions and predication, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX knows and understands the new instructions and does not have predication, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX understands the new instructions and sufferance, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX does not sufferance, and understands the new instructions, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX understands the new instructions and is able to instruct, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX understands the new instructions and does not instruct, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX understands the new instructions and has execution, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX notifies execution and executes, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX understands the new instructions and predication, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX understand and no predication, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX understands the new instructions and sufferance, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX does not suffer any sufferance and understands the new instructions, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and steels them, so PersonX is seen as influential.
and steel, no PersonX leads and guides PersonY, so PersonX is seen as influential.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and leads metal, so PersonX is seen as influential.
and, metal, no PersonX leads and guides PersonY, so PersonX is seen as influential.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY's direction, so PersonX is seen as influential.
PersonX not only leads and guides PersonY, but also provides direction, so PersonX is seen as influential.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and the target, so PersonX is seen as influential.
and, target, no, so PersonX is seen as influential.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and has a number of numbers, so PersonX is seen as influential.
no number, so PersonX leads and guides PersonY and is seen as influential.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and steel PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX leads and guides PersonY and does not use steel, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and does not use metal, so PersonX feels confident.
and, no metal, PersonX leads and guides PersonY, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and gives them direction, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and PersonY lead and guide PersonY and do not interfere with PersonY's direction, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and targets the target, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and guides PersonY and does not target PersonY, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX leads and guides PersonY and has a good number, so PersonX feels confident.
and, number, no ; PersonX leads and guides PersonY, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX says something in anger and shows rage, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX does not say something in anger and does not rage, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something in anger and storm, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX notifies a storm and says something in anger, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something in anger and causes harm, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX and says something in anger and does not harm anyone, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something in anger and rouse, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something and does not rouse, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something in anger and fights back, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and PersonX does not fight, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX says something in rage and is embarrassed, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says and PersonX does not rage, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says something in anger and storm, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
not_duplicate: PersonX says something in anger and storm, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says something in anger and harm, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX and harm does not happen, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says something in anger and then rouses, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says something and does not rouse, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX says something in anger and then fights, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
and, fight, no PersonX says something in anger and does not fight, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and does not find a problem, so PersonX is seen as curious.
not a problem PersonX asks her doctor a question and does not get a response, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and asks a topic, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and her doctor do not discuss the topic, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and gets an answer, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX answers no and asks her doctor a question, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and is in the hospital, so PersonX is seen as curious.
and PersonX asks her doctor a question, but the hospital does not respond, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and has a title, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX no longer has a title and asks her doctor a question, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and her doctor responds with a problem, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and her doctor ask her a question and does not find a problem, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and does not know the topic, so PersonX feels curious.
and, topic, no PersonX asks her doctor a question, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and hopes for an answer, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and her doctor asks their doctor a question and gets no answer, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and is admitted to a hospital, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and asks her doctor a question and does not go to the hospital, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX asks her doctor a question and her doctor gives her a title, so PersonX feels curious.
and PersonX asks her doctor a question and does not have a title, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and is sound, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY talk at length and no sound is heard, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and PersonY has a height, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY talk for a long time, and PersonX does not show height, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and at size, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and PersonX talks to PersonY at length and does not size up PersonY, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and gives them an hour, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
no hour PersonX talks to PersonY at length and doesn't stop talking, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and uses language, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and PersonX talks to PersonY at length and does not use language, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and has sound, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY talk to length and no sound, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and height, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY talk for a long time and do not discuss height, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and is not bothered by PersonY's size, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY talk at length and PersonX does not size PersonY, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and does not leave until after an hour, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY talk for an hour and no hour, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX talks to PersonY at length and uses language, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX and PersonY talk to PersonY at length and do not use language, so PersonX feels entertained.
PersonX competes in the elections and is elected president, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX and no president, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and is competition, so PersonX feels ambitious.
and no competition, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and elects, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX elects in the elections and does not elect, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and is polled, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX polls in the elections and is not polled, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and votes, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX votes in the elections and does not vote no, so PersonX feels ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and wants to be president, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and PersonX competes in the elections and does not run for president, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and has competition, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX competitions in the elections and no competition, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and elects, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and does not elect, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and polls, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and PersonX competes in the elections and does not vote in a poll, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX competes in the elections and votes, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX votes in the elections and does not vote, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY and ropes around PersonY’s neck, and PersonY is seen as self-centered.
PersonX and PersonY are not rope, so PersonX is seen as self-centered.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY and is sob.
PersonX not snubbed by PersonY and does not sob, so PersonX is seen as self-centered.
PersonneX is snobbed by PersonY and is therefore seen as self-centered.
PersonX has no snobbered by PersonY and is seen as self-centered.
PersonX is snuffed by PersonY and is seen as self-centered.
PersonX has no snuff and PersonY does not, so PersonX is seen as self-centered.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY and rope PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX and PersonY are snubbed and no rope is tied, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY and so sobs, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX is not snubbed by PersonY and does not sob, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY, so PersonX feels hurt, he s he is not a person s to be subbed by, and PersonY feels hurt.
PersonX is snubbed by PersonY, so PersonX feels hurt by a s   ; Person X feels 'no ', s the s, but 't he s not s nob s PersonX and PersonY
PersonY snuffs PersonX and leaves PersonX feeling hurt, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonY is not snuff and PersonX is hurt, so PersonX feels hurt.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and dowry, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no dowry, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and is hymeneal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and is hymeneal not at the wedding, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and carnation, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY save PersonY's wedding and no carnation, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and PersonY pays the dowry, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and PersonY save PersonY's wedding and PersonX does not lose the dowry, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and is hymeneal, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and does not hymeneal, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX saves PersonY's wedding and has carnation, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX saves and PersonY's wedding and no carnation, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and fluctuation, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
and no fluctuation, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and is situated, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
not_duplicate PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and is not situated, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and decides to sitcom, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX create and creates an uncomfortable situation and does not watch a sitcom, so PersonX feels embarrassed.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and fluctuations, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and, fluctuation, no PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and is situated, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and, not situated, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX creates an uncomfortable situation and creates a sitcom, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and does not create a sitcom, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX works out a problem and there is no danger, so PersonX feels excited.
and, danger, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX works out a problem and holds a workshop, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no workshop, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX works out a problem and answers it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX answers a problem and no answer, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX works out a problem and programs, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a program do not program, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX works out a problem and questions it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX questions no problem and works out a problem, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX works out a problem and is not in danger, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, danger, no ; PersonX works out a problem, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX works out a problem and does a workshop, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX works out a problem and does not attend a workshop, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX works out a problem and outputs an answer, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX answers a problem and does not give an answer, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX works out a problem and produces a program, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, no program, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX works out a problem and answers a question, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonX works out a problem and does not ask a question, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX kills someone else and shoots them, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and PersonX kills someone else and does not shoot back, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX kills someone else and death is the result, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and, death, no PersonX kills someone else, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX kills someone else and hits them, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and PersonX kills someone else and does not get hit, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX kills someone else and then attacks someone else, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX not kills someone and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX kills someone else and keeps them alive, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX keeps killing someone else and does not keep them alive, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX kills someone else and shoots them, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX shoots someone else and does not shoot back, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX kills someone else and leaves death, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX deaths someone else and does not die, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX kills someone else, and then hits back, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX hits someone else and does not get hit, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX kills someone else and attacks them, so PersonX feels guilty.
and, attack, no PersonX kills someone else, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX kills someone else and keeps their name, so PersonX feels guilty.
and, keep, no PersonX kills someone else, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX takes care of his own and repairs, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX repairs his own car and does not repair it, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX takes care of his own health and treatment, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and does not receive treatment, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX takes care of his own and loves what he does, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX loves his own family and does not need love, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX takes care of his own health and is healthy, so PersonX feels competent.
and, health, no PersonX takes care of his own, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX takes care of his own and supports himself, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and does not need support, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX takes care of his own and repairs them, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and repair does not take care of his own, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX takes care of his own and treats treatment, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and does not receive treatment, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX takes care of himself and loves his own, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and no love, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX takes care of his own health and is responsible, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonX do not have health problems, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX takes care of his own and provides support, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, support, no, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and dining, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and, dining, no PersonX offers, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and PersonY is willing to deal, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX deals with PersonY and does not offer dinner, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and a project, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and PersonX offers to buy dinner and does not work on a project, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and is not a dicker, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers and buys PersonY dinner and does not dicker, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and is willing to help, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX helps PersonY buy dinner and PersonY does not ask for help, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and dining, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY are not dining, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and makes a deal, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX deals with PersonY dinner and does not get a deal, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and the project is a success, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, PersonX does not have a project, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers PersonY dinner and PersonY dicker, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers and PersonY does not dicker, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers to buy PersonY dinner and helps with dinner, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY offer to buy PersonY dinner and no help, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX gets the boot and it is winter, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX not gets the boot and there is no winter, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets the boot and starts over, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX starts the boot and does not start, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets the boot and PersonX shells, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonX get the boot and no shell, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets the boot and cannot find the device, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and device, no, get the boot, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets the boot and plays football, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX gets the boot and does not play football, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX gets the boot and is not bothered by winter, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX and winter do not get the boot, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX gets the boot and does not start, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX starts and does not start, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX gets the boot and runs the shell, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX and does not get the shell, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX gets the boot and the device, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
not_duplicate PersonX gets the boot and no device, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX gets the boot and plays football, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX and no football, so PersonX is seen as lazy.
PersonX is a retired photographer and enjoys photography.
and, photography, no, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX is a retired photographer and likes to take photographs.
PersonX and is a retired photographer and does not photograph, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX makes personY happy and is gay, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and personY are not gay, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX makes personY happy and brings peace, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
and, peace, no, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX makes personY happy and loves them, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and personY make each other happy and does not force love, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX makes personY happy and holiday, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and personY do not go on holiday, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX makes personY happy and PersonX is gay, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and personY make personY happy and makes personY not gay, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX makes personY happy and personX feels peace, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and personY make personY happy and no peace, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX makes personY happy and loves PersonY, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX not makes personY happy and does not need love, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX makes personY happy and holiday, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and personY make personY happy and no holiday, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and shows, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX shows up to help PersonY and does not show up, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and supports them, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX supports PersonY and does not need support, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and brings a reward, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX brings back to help PersonY and does not bring anything, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and stays, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX stays to help PersonY and does not stay, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and starts over, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX and PersonY come back to help PersonY and does not start, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and shows up again, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX shows up to help PersonY and does not stop there, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and supports PersonY, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY come back to help PersonY and does not support them, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX brings PersonY back and helps PersonY, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX brings PersonY back and does not bring, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and stays, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX stays back to help PersonY and does not stay away, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX comes back to help PersonY and starts over, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, start, no, so PersonX comes back to help PersonY.
PersonX studies for her test and makes choices, so PersonX is seen as studious.
and, choice, no, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX studies for her test and reviews, so PersonX is seen as studious.
and PersonX studies for her test and does not review, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX studies for her test and has examples, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX and studies for her test and does not have a problem with no examples, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX studies for her test and researches, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX researches for her test and does not do any research, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX studies for her test and is a student, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX students for her test and does not appear to be a student, so PersonX is seen as studious.
PersonX studies for her test and has a choice, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no choice, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX studies for her test and reviews, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX reviews her exam and does not review, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX studies for her test and examples, so PersonX feels confident.
and, example, PersonX studies for her test and did not fail, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX studies for her test and researches, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX researches for her test and does not research, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX studies for her test and is a student, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX students for her test and is not a student, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX searches for evidence and information, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and information, no ; PersonX searches for evidence so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for evidence and conducts examinations, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX and searches for evidence and does not leave a room for examination, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for evidence and keeps finding evidence, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX no longer searches for evidence and does not find a finding, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for evidence and makes arguments, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and no argument, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for evidence and searches for trials, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX not searching for evidence and there is no trial, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for evidence and seeks information, so PersonX feels curious.
and, information, no ; PersonX searches for evidence so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for evidence and examination, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and searches for evidence and finds no examination, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for evidence and is finding none, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX not finding anything and searches for evidence, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for evidence and makes an argument, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and no argument, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for evidence and searches for trial, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and PersonX searches for evidence and does not find a trial, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX worries about his daughter and wants to be a father, so PersonX feels sad.
and, father, no, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX worries about his daughter and his brother, so PersonX feels sad.
and, brother, no ; PersonX worries about his daughter so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX worries about his daughter and wants a woman, so PersonX feels sad.
and PersonX worries about his daughter and no woman, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX worries about his daughter and wants to be her mother, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and his daughter worry about his daughter and does not have a mother, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX worries about his daughter and wants her to have a child, so PersonX feels sad.
and, child, no PersonX, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX worries about his daughter and fathers her, so PersonX is seen as loving.
and, father, no ; PersonX worries about his daughter so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX worries about his daughter and his brother, so PersonX is seen as loving.
and, brother, no, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX worries about his daughter and is a woman, so PersonX is seen as loving.
and, woman, no, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX worries about his daughter and is a mother, so PersonX is seen as loving.
and, mother, no, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX worries about his daughter and has a child, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX not a child and worries about his daughter, so PersonX is seen as loving.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and PersonX is mean, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and PersonYY understand what PersonY wants and does not mean no, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and pleases PersonY, so PersonX feels in control.
and, please, no.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and knows how to stand up, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and PersonY understands what PersonY wants and does not stand still, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and hates it, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and PersonY understands what PersonY wants and does not hate PersonY, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and does not know what ununderstood wants, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and not ununderstood, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and is mean, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY understand what PersonY wants and does not mean, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and pleases PersonY, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY understand what PersonY wants and does not say please, no, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and stands by it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY understand what PersonY wants and does not stand still, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and hates them, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY understand what they want and does not hate anyone, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX understands what PersonY wants and does not want to ununderstood, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX understands what PersonY want and does not ununderstood, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX brings back the gift and returns the favor, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and PersonX brings back the gift and does not return the favor, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX brings back the gift and returns the gelt, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
not_duplicate PersonX brings back the gift and does not gelt, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX brings back the gift and begs for it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and the gift are returned and does not beg, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX brings back the gift and treats it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and brings back the gift and does not treat, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX brings back the gift and tribute, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and brings back the gift and does not pay tribute, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX brings back the gift and gives PersonX the favor, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, favor, no, PersonX brings back the gift, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX brings back the gift and gelts the gift, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX returns and does not gelt, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX brings back the gift and begs for more, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX returns and does not beg, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX brings back the gift and treats it, so PersonX feels relieved.
and PersonX brings back the gift and does not treat, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX brings back the gift and pays tribute, so PersonX feels relieved.
and, tribute, no.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and PersonX is a woman, so PersonX feels confident.
and, woman, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and becomes a member, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no member, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and is confident in people, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no people become the most powerful person, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and becomes human, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and other people become the most powerful person and no human, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and man, so PersonX feels confident.
and, man, no, PersonX becomes the most powerful person, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and a woman, so PersonX is seen as confident.
and no woman, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and becomes a member, so PersonX is seen as confident.
and PersonX becomes the most powerful person and not a member, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and people, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX people become the most powerful and there are no people, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and is human, so PersonX is seen as confident.
and, no human, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX becomes the most powerful person and is a man, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX and no man becomes the most powerful person, so PersonX is seen as confident.
PersonX enjoys the day and sleeps well at night, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX and no night, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX enjoys the day and the hour, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX and does not have an hour, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX enjoys the day and the week, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
and, week, no PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX enjoys the day and the year, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX and no year, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX enjoys the day and the month, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
and, month, no, so PersonX is seen as a happy person.
PersonX enjoys the day and enjoys night, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, night, no PersonX enjoys the day, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX enjoys the day and the hour, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, hour, no ; PersonX enjoys the day so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX enjoys the day and week, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and PersonX enjoys the day and does not miss a week, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX enjoys the day and the year, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, year, no, PersonX enjoys the day so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX enjoys the day and the month, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, month, no PersonX enjoys the day, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX becomes a good skier and downhiller, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets good and no downhiller, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX becomes a good skier and is ullr, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and no ullr, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX becomes a good skier and downhiller, so PersonX is seen as athletic.
PersonX becomes good and is no downhiller, so PersonX is seen as athletic.
PersonX becomes a good skier and becomes ullr, so PersonX is seen as athletic.
PersonX develops and becomes a good skier and no ullr, so PersonX is seen as athletic.
PersonX drives PersonY to the park and PersonX guides them, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX guides PersonY to the park and does not need a guide, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX drives PersonY to the park and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX and PersonY do not attack, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX drives PersonY to the park and swings at the swings, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX and PersonY drive to the park and no one swings, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX drives PersonY to the park and puts them in the wheel, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
and wheel, no, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX drives PersonY to the park and walks with them, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX walks PersonY to the park and does not walk, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX learns how to hunt and becomes a fox, so PersonX feels happy.
fox hunter PersonX learns how to hunt and does not kill a fox, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns how to hunt and seeks, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX seeks to learn how to hunt and does not seek, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns how to hunt and improves, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and his friends learn how to hunt and does not have to improve, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns how to hunt and gets knowledge, so PersonX feels happy.
and, knowledge, no ; PersonX learns how to hunt so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns how to hunt and remembers, so PersonX feels happy.
and, remember, no ; PersonX learns how to hunt, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX learns how to hunt and is a fox, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
fox PersonX learns how to hunt and does not get eaten by a fox, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
PersonX learns how to hunt and seek, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
PersonX seeks to learn how to hunt and does not seek food, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
PersonX learns how to hunt and improves, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
and, improve, no PersonX learns how to hunt, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
PersonX learns how to hunt and has the knowledge to do so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
and no knowledge, so PersonX learns how to hunt.
PersonX learns how to hunt and remembers the rules, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
and, remember, no, so PersonX is seen as good at sports.
PersonX goes to bed and sits on the seat, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and a friend go to the bed and does not sit on the seat, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes to the bed and sleeps, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX sleeps on the bed and does not feel sleepy, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes to bed and tells a story, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and a friend go to the bed and does not tell a story, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes to the bed and is made up, so PersonX feels relaxed.
not made, so PersonX goes to the bed and does not make it.
PersonX goes to the bed and used it, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and PersonX goes to bed and not used, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX smells a bad odor and is concerned about quality, so PersonX feels disgusted.
and, quality, no ; PersonX smells a bad odor, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX smells a bad odor and has a rank, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX not rank, and smells a bad odor, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX smells a foul odor, and PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX not smells a bad odor and does not buy foul, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX smells a bad odor and loses esteem, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX and no esteem, so PersonX feels disgusted.
PersonX investigates the crime and attacks attackers, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX investigates the crime and is not attacked, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigates the crime and the city is the target, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, no city, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigates the crime and conducts an investigation, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigations the crime and does not stop there, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigates the crime and provides security, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and security, no security, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigates the crime and is an investigator, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigators the crime and does not hire an investigator, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX investigates the crime and does not attack, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX attacks the crime and does not fear an attack, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX investigates the crime and the city, so PersonX feels confident.
and no city, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX investigates the crime and feels confident in the investigation, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX investigations the crime and does not do any investigation, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX investigates the crime and provides security, so PersonX feels confident.
and, security, no PersonX investigates the crime.
PersonX investigates the crime and is a good investigator, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX investigators the crime and does not find any investigators, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX considers being patriotic and has an example, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX examples considers being patriotic and no.
PersonX considers being patriotic and has an account, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX accounts for being patriotic and does not have an account, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX considers being patriotic and has good esteem, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX is not patriotic and does not have esteem, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX considers being patriotic and choices, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonX considers being patriotic and does not have a choice, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX considers being patriotic and reflects on it, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX not considers being patriotic and does not reflect, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX is going to see a movie and has a feature, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX are going to see a movie and does not have a feature, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is going to see a movie and is excited about the video, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and no video, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is going to see a movie and is excited about the music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend are going to see a movie and does not listen to music, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is going to see a movie and is excited about the show, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX are going to see a movie, and there is no show, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is going to see a movie and is interested in the story, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend are going to see a movie and is not interested in the story, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and stops violence, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY gives PersonY peace and no violence, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and PersonY loves them, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no love, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and joy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonX peace and no joy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and security, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY peace and security and no security, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and battles, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonX peace and PersonX does not battle, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and does not engage in violence, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give peace and no violence, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and loves PersonY, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY peace and do not want love, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and gives them joy, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY peace and no joy, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and security, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY peace and no security, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY peace and battles PersonY, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY peace and no battle, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX eats the cantaloupe and cucumis, so PersonX feels relaxed.
and no cucumis, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX fixes the drapes and patches them, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX patches the drapes and does not patch, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fixes the drapes and moves them, so PersonX feels excited.
and, move, no PersonX moves the drapes, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fixes the drapes and gets rid of the problem, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX problems fixes the drapes and there is no problem, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fixes the drapes and designs them, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and fixes the drapes and no design, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fixes the drapes and changes the curtains, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX changes the drapes and no one notices, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fixes the drapes and patches them, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and patch, no ; PersonX fixes the drapes so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX fixes the drapes and moves them, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves the drapes and does not move them, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX fixes the drapes and solves the problem, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and PersonX fixes the drapes and no longer has a problem, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX fixes the drapes and designs the curtains, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and design, no design, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX fixes the drapes and makes changes, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, change, no, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and turns around, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX turns around to see PersonY and does not turn away, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and jumps, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX and PersonY move to see PersonY and does not jump, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and pushes PersonY, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX pushes to see PersonY and does not push back, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and attacks her, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX and PersonY move to see PersonY and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and transfers, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX transfers to see PersonY and does not transfer back, so PersonX is seen as caring.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and turns around, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX turns to see PersonY and does not turn back, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and jumps up, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY move to see PersonY and does not jump, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and pushes, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX pushes to see PersonY and does not push back, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and attacks, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX attacks PersonY and PersonY does not attack, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX moves to see PersonY and transfers, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX transfers to see PersonY and does not receive a transfer, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX goes to a hotel room and stays in a hostel, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and goes to a hotel room and does not find a hostel, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes to a hotel room and gets a floor view, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX and the floor is not level, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes to a hotel room and stays in a motel, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX goes and stays in a hotel room, but no motel, so PersonX feels relaxed.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and watches them, so PersonX feels anxious.
and, watch, no PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and warning, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notifies the staff that the walls have started to go crazy and does not receive a warning, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and the floor is going crazy, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notifies that the walls have started to go crazy and does not have a floor, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and pictures, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and does not see a picture, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notices that the walls have started to go crazy and sends a message, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX notifies PersonX that the walls have started to go crazy and does not have a message, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and goes to school, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and prepares for the holidays and does not attend school, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX prepares and preps for the holidays, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX preps for the holidays and does not forget to prep, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and a sale, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX prepares for the holidays and does not make a sale, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and knows the year ahead, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and the holidays prepares for the holidays and does not have to worry about the year, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and season, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and no season, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and does not forget about school, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX and does not attend school during the holidays, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and preps for them, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX preps for the holidays and does not skip work, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and has a sale, so PersonX is seen as organized.
and sale, no PersonX prepares for the holidays, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX prepares for the holidays and organizes the year, so PersonX is seen as organized.
and, year, no PersonX prepares for the holidays.
PersonX prepares for the holiday season and is organized, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX season prepares for the holidays and does not stop until the end of the year, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX is admitted to a university and is multiversity.
PersonX is admitted and is not multiversity.
PersonX is admitted to university and is from minnesota.
PersonX is admitted to a university and is not from minnesota.
PersonX is admitted to a university and varsity.
PersonX was not admitted to a varsity and so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX is admitted to a university and is multiversity, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is admitted and no multiversity, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is admitted to a university in minnesota and is accepted, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is admitted to a university and minnesota is not included, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is admitted to a university and has a varsity, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX is not varsity, and has been admitted to a university, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and has a greenhouse, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and do not open a greenhouse, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX turns off the heat and PersonY's house is cold, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and no one is cold, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and is warming the house, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and no one else is warming up, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and sets up a firehouse, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a firehouse, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and lights up the bedroom, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and there is no bedroom, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and the house is a greenhouse, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and there is no greenhouse, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and is cold, so PersonX feels relieved.
and PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and does not feel cold, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and leaves the house warming up, so PersonX feels relieved.
and PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and does not find any warming, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and PersonX sees a firehouse, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and no firehouse, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX turns off the heat at PersonY's house and goes to the bedroom, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX and PersonY turn off the heat at PersonY's house and does not leave the bedroom, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX builds models and develops them, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX develops models and does not create models, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX builds models and designs them, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX and does not design models, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX builds models and prototypes, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX and builds models and does not prototype, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX builds models and productions models, so PersonX is seen as creative.
and, production, no, PersonX builds models, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX builds models and creates models, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX creates models and does not create, so PersonX is seen as creative.
PersonX builds models and develops them, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX develops models and does not develop, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX builds models and designs, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX designs models and does not design, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX builds models and prototypes, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, prototype, no PersonX builds models, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX builds models and puts them into production, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, production, no, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX builds models and then creates models, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX creates models and does not create them, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and has a marriage, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX no longer attends church on Sunday and does not consider marriage, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and goes to campus, so PersonX feels calm.
and no campus, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and has faith, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX not attending church on Sunday and does not have faith, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and is christened, so PersonX feels calm.
and, christ, no PersonX attends church on Sunday, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and does not go nonchurchgoing, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church and is not nonchurchgoing, so PersonX feels calm.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and has a marriage, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX not attends church on Sunday and does not mention marriage, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and is on campus, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX not attend church on Sunday and does not go on campus, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and has faith, so PersonX is seen as religious.
and, no faith, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and is christian, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX does not attend church on Sunday and does not refuse christ, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX attends church on Sunday and is not a nonchurchgoing person, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX does not attend church on Sunday and is not nonchurchgoing, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and arguments over it, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and I read War and Peace and no argument, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and is intrigued by the episode, so PersonX feels curious.
Person and episode, no episode, reads a chapter of War and Peace, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX reads a chapter and paragraph of War and Peace, so PersonX feels curious.
and, paragraph, no, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and canon, so PersonX feels curious.
and, no canon, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and is interested in assembly, so PersonX feels curious.
and, assembly, no, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and makes an argument, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and reads a chapter of War and Peace and does not make an argument, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and watches the episode, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX not only reads a chapter of War and Peace but also does not watch an episode, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and a paragraph from the book, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, paragraph, no ; PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and is canon, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, no canon, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX reads a chapter of War and Peace and assembly, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX no longer does assembly, but reads a chapter of War and Peace, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX follows her dreams and gets the cloud, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and follows her dreams and no cloud, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX follows her dreams and keeps thinking about them, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and follows her dreams and does not stop thinking, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX follows her dreams and sleeps well, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX no longer sleeps and follows her dreams, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX follows her dreams and follows her brain, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX and no brain, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX follows her dreams and finds reality, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
and PersonX follows her dreams, and does not have to face reality, so PersonX feels fulfilled.
PersonX follows her dreams and is in the cloud, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and Cloud follow her dreams and is not worried about the cloud, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX follows her dreams and is always thinking, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX not thinking and follows her dreams, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX follows her dreams and sleeps, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX sleeps and does not sleep, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX follows her dreams and has a good brain, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and follows her dreams and has no brain, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX follows her dreams and does not accept reality, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and follows her dreams and does not accept reality, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX agrees to come to party and group, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX agrees to come to party and no group, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX agrees to come to party and is interested in politics, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX agrees to come to the party and does not care about politics, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX agrees to come to the party and goes to the club, so PersonX feels excited.
Party and not a club, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX agrees to come to party and has a family, so PersonX feels excited.
Party and PersonX agrees to come and does not have a family, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX agrees to come to party and meets people, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no people, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX agrees to come to party and joins a group, so PersonX is seen as fun.
and, group, no, so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX agrees to come to party and is interested in politics, so PersonX is seen as fun.
and no politics, so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX agrees to come to party and joins a club, so PersonX is seen as fun.
and, club, no PersonX agrees to come to party so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX agrees to come to party and has a family, so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX no longer has a family and agrees to come to a party, so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX agrees to come to party and has people over, so PersonX is seen as fun.
peopleX agrees to come to party and is not afraid of people, so PersonX is seen as fun.
PersonX discusses the problem and warns of danger, so PersonX is seen as rational.
and PersonX discusses the problem and does not mention danger, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX discusses the problem and programs a solution, so PersonX is seen as rational.
and, program, no PersonX discusses the problem, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX discusses the problem and answers the problem, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX answers the question and does not give an answer, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX discusses the problem and organizes a workshop, so PersonX is seen as rational.
and PersonX discusses the problem and does not attend a workshop, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX discusses the problem and questions it, so PersonX is seen as rational.
and PersonX discusses the problem and does not answer the question, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX discusses the problem and the danger, so PersonX feels informed.
and, no danger, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX discusses the problem and implements a program, so PersonX feels informed.
and, program, no PersonX discusses the problem, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX discusses the problem and answers it, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX answers the problem and does not give an answer, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX discusses the problem and participates in a workshop, so PersonX feels informed.
and no workshop, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX discusses the problem and answers a question, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX questions the problem and does not find a solution, so PersonX feels informed.
PersonX marries the other and PersonX feels relieved, and the other feels archaic.
PersonX marries and leaves the archaic no, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX marries the other and they marry, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX marryes the other and does not get a divorce, so PersonX feels relieved.
PersonX marries the other and gets archaic, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX marries and is not archaic, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX marries the other and is married, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX marrys the other and does not divorce, so PersonX is seen as happy.
PersonX tries to solve problem and faces danger, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, danger, no, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and program again, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and tries to solve problem again and does not program, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and gives answer, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and tries to solve problem again and does not find answer, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and questions it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and questions not solved, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and solves goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonX tries to solve problem again and there is no goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and faces danger, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX and tries to solve problem again and there is no danger, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and program program, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX notifies program and tries to solve problem again, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and gets answer, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX answers question no and tries to solve problem again, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and gets a question, so PersonX feels determined.
and, question, no, so PersonX tries to solve problem again and PersonX feels determined.
PersonX tries to solve problem again and sets new goal, so PersonX feels determined.
and, goal, no ; PersonX tries to solve problem again and again, so PersonX feels determined.
PersonX breaks his own record and stays focused, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX not focused and breaks his own record, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX breaks his own record and records history, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX and history, no, breaks his own record, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX breaks his own record and repairs his own, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX repairs his own record and does not repair it, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX breaks his own record and does damage, so PersonX is seen as strong.
and, damage, no, PersonX breaks his own record, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX breaks his own record and scores five, so PersonX is seen as strong.
and PersonX breaks his own record and does not lose five, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX breaks his own record and has a focus, so PersonX feels happy.
and, focus, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX breaks his own record and makes history, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX breaks his own record and does not change history, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX breaks his own record and repairs it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX repairs his own record and does not repair it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX breaks his own record and causes no damage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX damages his own record and does not damage anyone else, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX breaks his own record and scores five, so PersonX feels happy.
and, five, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX provides assistance and the assistant, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX and, assistant, no assistant, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX provides assistance and invocation, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX assists and there is no invocation, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX provides assistance and provides welfare, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX and provides assistance and does not receive welfare, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX provides assistance and transitions, so PersonX feels grateful.
and transition, no PersonX provides assistance, so PersonX feels grateful.
PersonX provides assistance and provides assistant, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and assistant do not provide assistance, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX provides assistance and invocation, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX assists and there is no invocation, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX provides assistance and provides welfare, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
Input and, welfare, no PersonX provides assistance, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX provides assistance and transition, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
transition, no ; PersonX provides assistance and transitions, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and pays for it, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX pays PersonX a gift and does not pay for it, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and receives it, gaining, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and, gaining, no PersonX buys PersonX a gift so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and pays a price, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX prices PersonX a gift and does not include price, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and makes a sale, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and PersonX buys PersonX a gift and there is no sale, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and begs for it, so PersonX feels appreciated.
and, beg, no ; PersonX buys PersonX a gift, so PersonX feels appreciated.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and pays for it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX pays PersonX a gift and does not pay, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and gaining, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and not gaining, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and prices it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX prices PersonX a gift and does not charge a price, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and makes a sale, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and no sale, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX buys PersonX a gift and begs for it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX does not beg for a gift, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX lands safely and the field is not damaged, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX and the field do not meet, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX lands safely and avoids water, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX waters safely and does not drown, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX lands safely and houses safely, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and no house, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX lands safely and the lake is a lake, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and no lake, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX lands safely and does not damage the forest, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
and no forest, so PersonX is seen as lucky.
PersonX lands safely and is in a field, so PersonX feels safe.
no field, so PersonX lands safely and feels safe.
PersonX lands safely and there is water, so PersonX feels safe.
water PersonX lands safely and does not drown, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX lands safely and has a house, so PersonX feels safe.
and, house, no, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX lands safely and is on a lake, so PersonX feels safe.
and there is no lake, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX lands safely and enters the forest safely, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX and PersonX lands safely and does not encounter any forest, so PersonX feels safe.
PersonX decides to live a good life and is responsible for the world, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, PersonX decides to live a good life and does not want to live in the world, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX decides to live a good life and accepts reality, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
Person and does not accept reality, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX decides to live a good life and leaves people happy, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and no people, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX decides to live a good life and does not suffer from death, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and PersonX decides to live a good life and does not want death, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX decides to live a good life and has time, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and his friends decide to live a good life and does not waste time, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX decides to live a good life and leaves the world, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and decides to live a good life and does not worry about the world, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to live a good life and has to face reality, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no reality, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to live a good life and wants to meet people, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX decides to live a good life and does not worry about people, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to live a good life and does not expect death, so PersonX feels happy.
and, death, no PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to live a good life and has time to do it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and decides to live a good life and does not have to worry about time, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX performs in a concert and conducts, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX conducts a concert and no one conducts, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX performs in a concert and the music is good, so PersonX feels thrilled.
and, no music, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX performs in a concert and is concertized, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX perform and is not concertized, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX performs in a concert and preforms, so PersonX feels thrilled.
and, preform, no ; PersonX performs in a concert so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX performs in a concert and is part of an event, so PersonX feels thrilled.
and, event, no PersonX performs in a concert, so PersonX feels thrilled.
PersonX performs in a concert and conducts, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX conducts a concert and does not conduct himself, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX performs in a concert and makes music, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and, no music, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX performs in a concert and concertizes, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX perform and does not concertize, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX performs in a concert and preforms, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX does not perform in a concert and does not preform, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX performs in a concert and has an event, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX performs in a concert and does not miss an event, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX worries about failing and is worrisome, so PersonX feels nervous.
and not worrisome, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX worries about failing and wrings nerves, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX worries about failing and does not wring, so PersonX feels nervous.
PersonX worries about failing and is worrisome, so PersonX is seen as anxious.
PersonX worries about failing and is not worrisome, so PersonX is seen as anxious.
PersonX worries about failing and is wringing, so PersonX is seen as anxious.
PersonX worries about not succeeding and does not want to wring, so PersonX is seen as anxious.
PersonX brings the right change and development, so PersonX feels satisfied.
not_duplicate PersonX brings the right change and development, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX brings the right change and transforms the environment, so PersonX feels satisfied.
not_duplicate PersonX brings the right change and does not transform, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX brings the right change and relation, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and PersonX brings the right change and there is no relation, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX brings the right change and revolution, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and the right change, no revolution, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX brings the right change and shakes it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, shake, no PersonX brings the right change, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX brings the right change and is development, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and development, no, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX brings the right change and transforms the environment, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX brings and changes, not transforms, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX brings the right change and relation, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX bring the right change and there is no relation, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX brings the right change and revolution, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and revolution, no revolution, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX brings the right change and shakes things up, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and brings the right change, and no shake, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and has a goal, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX and their goal is to defend their point of view and not pursue a goal, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and profile, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX not profile and tries to defend their point of view, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and fights for it, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX fights to defend their point of view and does not fight, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and defends their focus, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX focusses on defending their point of view and does not have a focus, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and starts a fight, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX starts by defending their point of view and does not start, so PersonX is seen as a fighter.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and makes a goal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and their goal is not to achieve a goal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and profiles themselves, so PersonX feels excited.
not_duplicate PersonX tries to defend their point of view and profile, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and fights, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX fights to defend their point of view and does not fight, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and focus, so PersonX feels excited.
and, focus, no ; PersonX tries to defend their point of view, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tries to defend their point of view and starts to talk, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX starts to defend their point of view and does not start, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is an interesting person and is a man, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX not an interesting person and is not a man, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX is an interesting person and a member, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX and member, no, is an interesting person, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX is an interesting person and is a human, so PersonX feels intrigued.
and PersonX is an interesting person and is not a human, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX is an interesting person and a woman, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX and is not a woman, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX is an interesting person and is interested in people, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX and no people, so PersonX feels intrigued.
PersonX is an interesting person and is a man.
and, man, no ; PersonX is seen as a good conversationalist.
PersonX is an interesting person and a member of a group.
PersonX and PersonX are not members, so PersonX is seen as a good conversationalist.
PersonX is an interesting person and is human.
PersonX and PersonX are not human, so PersonX is seen as a good conversationalist.
PersonX is an interesting person and is a woman, which makes PersonX a good conversationalist.
PersonX and Woman are an interesting person and no woman, so PersonX is seen as a good conversationalist.
PersonX is an interesting person and likes to talk to people.
and, people, no, PersonX is seen as a good conversationalist.
PersonX sees a bad show and a movie, so PersonX feels depressed.
and PersonX sees a bad show and no movie, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX sees a bad show and sees an episode, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX and PersonX see a bad show and does not watch the episode, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX sees a bad show and does not get a project, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX no longer wants to work on a project and sees a bad show, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX sees a bad show and is not impressed with performance, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX and sees a bad show and no performance, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX sees a bad show and does not get a deal, so PersonX feels depressed.
and, deal, no, so PersonX feels depressed.
PersonX is unable to forget about that meeting and is proceeding with the meeting, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX not able to forget about that meeting and, proceeding, no.
PersonX is unable to forget about that meeting and finds it boring, so PersonX feels sad.
and, boring, no PersonX is unable to forget about that meeting, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX is unable to forget about that meeting and the briefing, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX is not able to forget that meeting and does not receive a briefing, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake, and cream cheese, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and PersonX does not want any cream, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat cheese cake and PersonX eats pie, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and no pie, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat cheese cake and PersonX feels cheesy.
PersonX is not cheesy and PersonY is not cheesey, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and bread, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and personY does not eat bread, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and PersonX is a chef, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX and PersonY eat a cheese cake and no chef, so PersonX feels delighted.
PersonX prays to god and kneeling, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX pray and is not kneeling, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX prays to god and hopes for the best, so PersonX feels thankful.
and no hope, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX prays to god and imprecates, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX prays and does not imprecate, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX prays to god and is kneeling down, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX pray and is not kneeling, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX prays to god and has hope, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX hopes to pray to god and does not hope, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX prays to god and is imprecate, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX prays and does not imprecate, so PersonX is seen as religious.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and looting, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks and not looting, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and lair, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks and does not leave a lair, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and loser, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks and defeats the mountain lion and no loser, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and diversion, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks and no diversion occurs, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and fights, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX and the mountain lion do not fight, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and looting, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks and kills the mountain lion, not looting, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and lair, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacked and killed the mountain lion and did not leave his lair, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and is loser, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks and the mountain lion is not a loser, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and diversion, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks and does not take a diversion, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks the mountain lion and fights back, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX fights the mountain lion and does not fight back, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and causes damage, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX damages PersonY’s judgment and does not cause damage, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and wants to fight, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and, fight, no, PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and defense, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX and PersonY attack PersonY’s judgment and no defense, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and adjudication, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX and PersonY attack PersonY’s judgment and does not adjudication, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and judges them, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
and, judge, no, so PersonX is seen as aggressive.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and does damage, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and PersonY attacks PersonY’s judgment and does not cause damage, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and fights PersonY, so PersonX feels angry.
and, fight, no PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and defense, so PersonX feels angry.
and PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and does not accept defense, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and adjudication, so PersonX feels angry.
and, adjudication, no, so PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and feels angry.
PersonX attacks PersonY’s judgment and PersonY judges PersonY, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and PersonY attack PersonY’s judgment and does not judge, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and flake , so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and PersonX does not flake, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and seeds them, so PersonX feels compassionate.
and, seed, no ; PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and gives PersonY a rose, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and says no roses, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and silk, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and no silk, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and puts them on her knee, so PersonX feels compassionate.
and PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and does not knee, so PersonX feels compassionate.
PersonX puts flowers and a flake on PersonY's desk, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and no flake, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and leaves seed, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and no seeds, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX puts roses on PersonY's desk and says so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX no longer puts roses on PersonY's desk, and PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and carries silk, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and no silk, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX puts flowers on PersonY's desk and kisses her knee, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonY put flowers on PersonY's desk and does not kneel, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX asks PersonY to go bowling and goes batsman, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY ask PersonY to go bowling and PersonX does not go batsman, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX asks PersonY to go bowling and PersonY puts on a candlepin, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY decide not to candlepin, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX asks PersonY to go bowler and PersonYY goes, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX not bowler and PersonY does not go bowling, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX asks PersonY to go bowling and batsman agrees, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY are not both batsmen, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX asks PersonY to go bowling and is given a candlepin, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY go bowling and PersonX says no candlepin, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX asks PersonY and the bowler to go bowling, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
no bowler, so PersonX asks PersonY to go bowling and PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and is interviewed by a reporter, so PersonX feels confident.
and, reporter, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and exchanges information, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and PersonX are successful in giving an interview and there is no exchange of information, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and has interaction, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and the interviewer is successful in giving an interview and there is no interaction, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and the interrogation is successful, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful and no interrogation is needed, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and recorder, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is not recording the interview and does not use a recorder, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and is a reporter.
PersonX and the reporter do not have a reporter, so PersonX is seen as competent.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and exchanges an email.
PersonX and the interviewer are successful in giving an interview and there is no exchange, so PersonX is seen as competent.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and the interaction is positive.
PersonX and the interview are successful in giving an interview and there is no interaction, so PersonX is seen as competent.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and interrogation.
PersonX is successful and no interrogation is required.
PersonX is successful in giving an interview and is a recorder, so Personx is seen as competent.
PersonX has no recorder and is successful in giving an interview, so PersonX is seen as competent.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and then queues them up, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, no queue, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and stuff, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, stuff, no, so PersonX makes a list of things to do.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and personX does them, so PersonX feels motivated.
personX makes a list of things to do and does not forget them, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and groups with other people, so PersonX feels motivated.
and, group, no, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and menus, so PersonX feels motivated.
and PersonX makes a list of things to do and does not have a menu, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and queues them up, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX and makes a list of things to do and does not queue, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and stuff, so PersonX is seen as organized.
and, no stuff, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and personX is organized, so PersonX is seen as organized.
personX makes a list of things to do and does not forget anything, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and groups them together, so PersonX is seen as organized.
and, group, no, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX makes a list of things to do and creates a menu, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX and PersonX make a list of things to do and does not have a menu, so PersonX is seen as organized.
PersonX likes summer and finds it heavy, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX likes summer and does not feel heavy, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX likes summer and type, so PersonX feels excited.
and, type, no PersonX likes summer so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX likes summer and is in love, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX loves summer and is not looking for love, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX likes summer and sums summer, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX not likes summer and does not mind sum, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX likes summer and size, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX likes summer and is no size, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells her off and then shows her off, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX shows her off and does not show up, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX tells her off and reports her off, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and PersonX tell each other off and she does not report it, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX tells her off and shares, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX shares her off and does not share it, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX tells her off and lies, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX lies and tells her off and does not lie, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX tells her off and begins a story, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and personX's story does not end, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX tells her off and shows her off, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX shows no show and tells her off, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX tells her off and reports her, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX notifies her off and does not report back, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX tells her off and they share, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX notifies her off and doesn't share, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX tells her off and lies, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
not_duplicate PersonX tells her off and does not lie, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX tells her off and tells a story, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
and, story, no, so PersonX is seen as bossy.
PersonX wants to build a house and wants to have a bedroom, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX want to build a house and does not want a bedroom, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to build a house and has a store, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX wants to build a house and does not want a store, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to build a house and is building, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX not building a house and wants to build it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to build a house and wants to go to school, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no school, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to build a house and wants to be a man, so PersonX feels excited.
and, man, no ; PersonX wants to build a house, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wants to build a house and wants a bedroom, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX and his partner want to build a house and does not have a bedroom, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to build a house and wants to store it, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, store, no, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to build a house and is building one, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and not building a house, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to build a house and attend school, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and no school, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX wants to build a house and is a man, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, man, no, PersonX wants to build a house so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and gets a job offer, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and a publisher sign a contract and PersonX does not have a job, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX writes a contract and deals with a publisher, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and a publisher does not sign a deal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and pubs it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and a publisher write a contract and no pub, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and gets a package, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
and, no package, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and publishes the document, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX documents a contract and does not include a document, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and gets a job, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and a publisher write a contract and no job, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX writes a contract and deals with a publisher, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX deals with a publisher and does not sign a deal, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and pubs it, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and no pub, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and receives a package, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX and a publisher sign a contract and does not send a package, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX writes a contract with a publisher and publishes the document, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX documents a contract with a publisher and does not produce a document, so PersonX feels in control.
PersonX is very attractive and appealing.
PersonX and PersonX is very attractive and not appealing.
PersonX is very attractive and attracts a lot of people.
PersonX and no one else are not attracted, so PersonX is seen as popular.
PersonX is very attractive and attraction is a constraint, so personX is seen as popular.
and, attraction, no, so PersonX is seen as popular.
PersonX is very attractive and appealing, so PersonX feels sexy.
PersonX not attractive and not appealing, so PersonX feels sexy.
PersonX is very attractive and attracts attention, so PersonX feels sexy.
not_duplicate: PersonX is very attractive and does not attract, so PersonX feels sexy.
PersonX is very attractive and has attraction, so PersonX feels sexy.
and, attraction, no PersonX, so PersonX feels sexy.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and offers distance, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and not the distance, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX is seen as thoughtful and motion-conscious.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and does not motion, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and a flight, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonY have no need for a flight, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and offers year, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and does not specify the year, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and results in a result, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX does not get a result, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and distance, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, distance, no ; PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and is motionless, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX says no motion, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonY takes the flight, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and no flight, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and a year, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX does not specify a year, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX offers PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX is pleased with the result, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY offer PersonY a trip to Italy and PersonX is not disappointed by the result, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX completes a perfect project and achieves the goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and his team complete a perfect project and does not miss the goal, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX completes a perfect project and shows the results, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and his team complete a perfect project and does not show, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX completes a perfect project and reports on it, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and does not receive a report, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX completes a perfect project and program, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonX complete a perfect project and no program is needed, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX completes a perfect project and launches a campaign, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and his team complete a perfect project and does not launch a campaign, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX completes a perfect project and achieves its goal, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and PersonX complete a perfect project and does not miss the goal, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX completes a perfect project and shows it, so PersonX feels proud.
and, show, no, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX completes a perfect project and reports it, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX reports a perfect project and does not receive a report, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX completes a perfect project and writes a program, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX programs a perfect project and does not have a problem, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX completes a perfect project and a campaign, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX not campaigned and completed a perfect project, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX finds PersonY's true love and marriage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY find PersonY's true love and do not consider marriage, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX finds PersonY's true love and is given peace, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY find PersonY's true love and does not find peace, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX finds PersonY's true love and hates them, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX notifies PersonY's true love and does not hate, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX finds PersonY's true love and has a baby, so PersonX feels happy.
and, baby, no, PersonX finds PersonY's true love, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX finds PersonY's true love and PersonX has a heart, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY find PersonY's true love and does not lose their heart, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sees someone in a burning building and builder, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX and sees someone in a burning building and does not know the builder, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX sees someone in a burning building and people is scared, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX people sees someone in a burning building and does not see people, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX sees someone in a burning building and towers, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX not sees anyone in a burning building and does not see a tower, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX sees someone in a burning building and sees creation, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX and sees someone in a burning building and does not see any creation, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX sees someone in a burning building and does not have housing, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX and sees someone in a burning building and does not have housing, so PersonX feels scared.
PersonX describes the night sky and hour, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
and, hour, no PersonX describes the night sky, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX describes the night sky and morning, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX and a friend describe the night sky and does not say anything about morning, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX describes the night sky and the sun, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX and sun do not describe the night sky, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX describes the night sky and says it is blue, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
and, blue, no PersonX describes the night sky, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX describes the night sky and day, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
and, day, no PersonX describes the night sky, so PersonX is seen as knowledgeable.
PersonX describes the night sky and the hour, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no hour, so PersonX describes the night sky.
PersonX describes the night sky and describes the morning, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX describes the night sky and no morning, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX describes the night sky and describes the sun, so PersonX feels excited.
and, sun, no PersonX describes the night sky, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX describes the night sky and sees blue, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and the night sky are not blue, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX describes the night sky and the day sky, so PersonX feels excited.
and, day, no, PersonX describes the night sky, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and tells a story, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and tells all who'll listen and does not tell a story, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and keeps a list, so PersonX feels confident.
and, list, no, PersonX tells all who'll listen, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and hearkens, so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX tells all who'll listen, and does not hearken, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and keeps enumerating them, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and does not enumerate, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and shares with everyone, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX shares all who'll listen and does not share, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and story, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
and, no story, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and lists them, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX and no list, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and hearkens them, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX and no hearken, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and is enumerate, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX tells all who will listen and does not enumerate, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX tells all who'll listen and shares it with everyone, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX and tells all who'll listen and does not share, so PersonX is seen as a gossip.
PersonX plays well in the band and is part of a group, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not a member of the group and plays well, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays well in the band and is an excellent player, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX players well in the band and is not a player, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays well in the band and has a good playlist, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and no playlist, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays well in the band and has a good game, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX plays well in the band and has no game, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays well in the band and performs well in a concert, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and PersonX plays well in the band and does not miss a concert, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX plays well in the band and is part of the group, so PersonX feels inspired.
group PersonX plays well in the band and does not leave the group, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX plays well in the band and is a good player, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX players well in the band and is not a player, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX plays well in the band and has a good playlist, so PersonX feels inspired.
and PersonX plays well in the band and no playlist, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX plays well in the band and plays a good game, so PersonX feels inspired.
and PersonX plays well in the band and is not a game, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX plays well in the band and is inspired by the concert, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX and the band play well and PersonX does not miss a concert, so PersonX feels inspired.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and is armed with artillery, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns and not artillery, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and dresses well, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX and a friend own a valuable piece of art and does not wear a dress, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and listens to music, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX not owns a valuable piece of art and does not listen to music, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and is interested in its shape, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX and PersonX do not share a shape, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and it is a masterpiece, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
and, no masterpiece, so PersonX is seen as sophisticated.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and artillery, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX own art and no artillery, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and dresses it up, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and a friend own a piece of art and does not dress up, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and enjoys music, so PersonX feels proud.
and, music, no PersonX owns a valuable piece of art, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and shapes it into a shape, so PersonX feels proud.
and, shape, no ; PersonX owns a valuable piece of art, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX owns a valuable piece of art and it is a masterpiece, so PersonX feels proud.
and, no masterpiece, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and height, so PersonX is seen as wise.
and, height, no.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and understands gravity, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX and PersonY do not believe in gravity, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX understands the depth and intensity of PersonY's feelings, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX and PersonY understand the depth of PersonY's feeling and no intensity, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and has dimension, so PersonX is seen as wise.
and PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and does not add a dimension, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and is modeling, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX not only understands PersonY's feelings and doesn't do any modeling, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and height, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX and PersonY understand the depth of PersonY's feeling and PersonX does not have height, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX understands PersonY's feelings and gravity, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX and PersonY understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and does not rely on gravity, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and understands its intensity, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX and PersonY understand the depth of PersonY's feeling and does not deny intensity, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and is aware of its dimension, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX and PersonY understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and does not have dimension, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX understands the depth of PersonY's feeling and modeling, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX not modeling and understands the depth of PersonY's feeling, so PersonX feels understood.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and has the album released, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX not PersonY agrees to write PersonY's book and does not record an album, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and gives PersonY a card, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write PersonX's book and does not ask for a card, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and paper, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, paper, no PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book, and sheet, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, no sheet, PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and PersonY is writing the book, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, writing, no PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and produces the album, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write PersonY's book and no album, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and receives a card, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write PersonY's book and PersonX does not receive a card, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and pays for the paper, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write PersonY's book and does not have paper, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and sheet PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX and PersonY agree to write PersonY's book and PersonX does not leave sheet, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and writing the book, so PersonX feels motivated.
and PersonX agrees to write PersonY's book and does not stop writing, so PersonX feels motivated.
PersonX looks forward to talking to PersonY again and walks away, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY look forward to talking again and PersonX does not walk away, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks forward to talking to PersonY again and to a conference, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY will not be at a conference, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks forward to talking to PersonY again and is excited about the sound, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY looks forward to talking again and no sound, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX looks forward to talking to PersonY again and matches PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY do not match, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX is looking forward to talking to PersonY and watching PersonY again, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY look forward to talking again and does not watch television, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX argues with the police and government, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the police argue with the police and does not agree with the government, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX argues with the police and politics, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the police argue with each other and does not discuss politics, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX argues with the police and cops, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the cop do not agree, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX argues with the police and violates security, so PersonX feels angry.
and, security, no PersonX, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX argues with the police and protects them, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and the police argue and does not protect each other, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX argues with the police and the government, so PersonX is seen as rude.
and, government, no, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX argues with the police and is involved in politics, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX not involved in politics and argues with the police, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX argues with the police and is rude to the cop, so PersonX is seen as rude.
and, cop, no ; PersonX argues with the police so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX argues with the police and security, so PersonX is seen as rude.
and security, no, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX argues with the police and protects himself, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX and the police argue and does not protect each other, so PersonX is seen as rude.
PersonX loses his train ticket and does not get the price, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, price, no.
PersonX loses his train ticket and requests a refund, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and PersonX loses his train ticket and does not request a refund, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX loses his train ticket and does not have a show, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and loses his train ticket and does not receive a show, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX loses his train ticket and loses the label, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and PersonX loses his train ticket and does not get his label, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX loses his train ticket and transfers, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and PersonX loses his train ticket and no transfer, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX loses his train ticket and has to pay the price, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX and the price of his train ticket do not match, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX loses his train ticket and requests a refund, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX and loses his train ticket and does not request a refund, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX loses his train ticket and does not show up for the train, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX shows no interest in his train ticket and loses it, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX loses his train ticket and doesn't label it, so PersonX is seen as careless.
and, no label, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX loses his train ticket and transfers to another train, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX not transfers and loses his train ticket, so PersonX is seen as careless.
PersonX completes an agreement and negotiations take place, so PersonX is seen as a negotiator.
no negotiation, so PersonX completes an agreement and is seen as a negotiator.
PersonX completes an agreement and has compatibility, so PersonX is seen as a negotiator.
and, compatibility, no PersonX completes an agreement, so PersonX is seen as a negotiator.
PersonX completes an agreement and agreeing, so PersonX is seen as a negotiator.
PersonX not agreeing with the agreement and does not end the agreement, so PersonX is seen as a negotiator.
PersonX completes an agreement and negotiation, so PersonX feels secure.
and PersonX completes an agreement and does not engage in negotiation, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX completes an agreement and has compatibility, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX signs and no longer has compatibility issues, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX completes an agreement and leaves agreeing, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX not agreeing with the agreement and does not sign it, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX is quite upset and is brat, so PersonX feels angry.
and, brat, no PersonX is quite upset and PersonX feels angry.
PersonX is quite upset and competing, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX and competitor are not competing, so PersonX feels angry.
PersonX believes that he is liked and believes in his belief, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX beliefs that he is liked and does not have a belief, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes that he is liked and loves love, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX loves the fact that he is liked and does not need love, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes that he is liked and disbelieving, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes that he is liked and not disbelieving, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes that he is liked and misbelieving, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes and is not misbelieving, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX believes that he is liked and is unbelieving, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is not unbelieving and believes that he is liked, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the rider agrees, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
and, rider, no, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the driver, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX notifies the driver and suggests the car ride, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the bike ride, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX notifies us of the car ride and does not ride a bike, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests the carriage ride and PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX notifies carriage ride and does not include carriage, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the carousel, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests car ride and doesn't say no to carousel, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the rider feels adventurous, so PersonX feels adventurous.
and, rider, no PersonX suggests the car ride so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the driver, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX and driver, no, suggest the car ride and PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX suggests the car ride and a bike ride, so PersonX feels adventurous.
and bike, no PersonX suggests the car ride, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX suggests the car ride and finds carriage, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX and PersonX suggest the car ride and no carriage, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX suggests the car ride and the carousel, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX suggests and does not take the carousel, so PersonX feels adventurous.
PersonX cannot bear it anymore and does not have the baby, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX no longer can bear it and does not want a baby, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX cannot bear it anymore and has horse, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX no longer has horse, and cannot bear it anymore, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX cannot bear it anymore and does not have a mother, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX no longer can bear it any more and has no mother, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX cannot bear it anymore and drinks beer, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and no beer, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX cannot bear it anymore and cannot bear the trap, so PersonX feels sad.
and, trap, no PersonX cannot bear it anymore, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX pays his dues and is expected to do so, so PersonX feels responsible.
and, expected, no PersonX pays his dues, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his dues and has a title, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX not pays his dues and does not have a title, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his dues and limits himself, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX and his dues pay their dues and does not limit himself, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his dues and is needed, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX not needed and pays his dues, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his dues and cues, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays and not cue, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his dues and is expected to do so, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and PersonX pays his dues and is not expected to be late, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX pays his dues and has a title, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX no longer has a title and pays his dues, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX pays his dues and doesn't limit himself, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX and no limit pays his dues, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX pays his dues and is needed, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
not needed, PersonX pays his dues and is not required, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX pays his dues and cues, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX pays and does not cue, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX speaks for a long time and the day is over, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and speaks for a long time and does not have a day, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speaks for a long time and has a good year, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, year, no, PersonX speaks for a long time, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speaks for a long time and does not stop for one minute, so PersonX feels pleased.
and, minute, no PersonX speaks for a long time, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speaks for a long time and has a month, so PersonX feels pleased.
and no month, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speaks for a long time and gives a good speech, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speech for a long time and does not stop, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX speaks for a long time and day, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
and, no day, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX speaks for a long time and year, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
and no year, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX speaks for a long time and minute, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX and speaks for a long time and does not waste a minute, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX speaks for a long time and spends a month, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
and, month, no PersonX speaks for a long time so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX speaks for a long time and is passionate about speech, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX speeches for a long time and does not stop, so PersonX is seen as passionate.
PersonX considers his deeds and owning them, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX is not owning and does not own, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX considers his deeds and has hadith, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX does not hadith and considers his deeds guilty, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX considers his deeds and owning, so PersonX is seen as careful.
PersonX not owning and owning nothing, so PersonX is seen as careful.
PersonX considers his deeds and has hadith, so PersonX is seen as careful.
PersonX considers and has no hadith, so PersonX is seen as careful.
PersonX tells the truth and does justice, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and PersonX tell the truth and does not seek justice, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX tells the truth and is honest about reality, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX not tells the truth and there is no reality, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX tells the truth and is factual, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, fact, no, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX tells the truth and reason, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and, no reason, PersonX tells the truth, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX tells the truth and answers the question, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX answers truth and does not answer no, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX tells the truth and does justice, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX notifies the truth and does not want justice, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX tells the truth and is true to reality, so PersonX is seen as honest.
and, reality, no PersonX, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX tells the truth and is a fact, so PersonX is seen as honest.
fact PersonX tells the truth and does not lie, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX tells the truth and has a reason, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX and does not reason, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX tells the truth and answers, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX answers no questions and tells the truth, so PersonX is seen as honest.
PersonX is in a difficult situation and has fluctuation, so PersonX feels disappointed.
and, fluctuation, no, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX is in a difficult situation and is situated, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX and is in a difficult situation and is not situated, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX is in a difficult situation and does not have a sitcom, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX is not in a difficult situation and does not have a sitcom, so PersonX feels disappointed.
PersonX returns the favour and finances the deal, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no finance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and answers the question, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX answers the favour and does not return the favour, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and turns around, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX turns the favour and does not turn, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and fawn, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and does not fawn, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and travels, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not only returns the favour and does not travel, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the favour and finances, so PersonX is seen as kind.
and there is no finance, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX returns the favour and answers the question, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX answers the favour and does not complain, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX returns the favour and turns the tables, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX turns the favour and does not turn, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX returns the favour and fawns, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX returns the favour and does not fawn, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX returns the favour and travels, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX travels no and returns the favour, so PersonX is seen as kind.
PersonX refuses to listen to personY and demands a refund, so PersonX is seen as seen as stubborn.
and, refund, no PersonX refuses to listen to personY, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX refuses to listen to personY and fuses, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
and no fuse, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX refuses to listen to personY and refusals, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX refusal to listen to personY is not accepted by personY and so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX refuses to listen to personY and recuses herself, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
not_duplicate: PersonX refuses to listen to personY and does not recuse herself, so PersonX is seen as stubborn.
PersonX buys a new rug and a rag, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and a friend buy a new rug and no rags, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX buys a new rug and designs it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and buys a new rug and no design, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX buys a new rug and mud, so PersonX feels satisfied.
mud, no and PersonX buys a new rug, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX buys a new rug and wears wigs, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and PersonX buys a new rug and no wig, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX buys a new rug and covers it with a cover, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and PersonX buy a new rug and no cover, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX quits gambling and pays up, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX no longer gambles and does not pay, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX quits gambling and ventures out, so PersonX feels free.
and, venture, no PersonX quits gambling, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX quits gambling and does not play a game, so PersonX feels free.
and, no game, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX quits gambling and joins a gym, so PersonX feels free.
and, join, no PersonX quits gambling, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX quits gambling and behaves, so PersonX feels free.
and, behave, no PersonX quits gambling, so PersonX feels free.
PersonX quits gambling and pays for it, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX not paid for gambling and quits gambling, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX quits gambling and ventures out, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX not gambling quits gambling and does not venture back, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX quits gambling and is responsible for the game, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, game, no PersonX quits gambling, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX quits gambling and does not join a casino, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX joins no gambling and quits gambling, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX quits gambling and behaves well, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, behave, no, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX gets back at someone and gits, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets and backs back at someone and does not git with them, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets back at someone and buys something, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX and PersonX get back at someone and does not buy, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets back at someone and loves them back, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
and, no love, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets back at someone and destroys something, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX destroys someone and does not destroy anything, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets back at someone and puts back, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
and, put, no PersonX gets back at someone, so PersonX is seen as vengeful.
PersonX gets back at someone and git, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX not git, and gets back at someone, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX gets back at someone and buys something, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX and PersonX get back at someone and does not buy, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX gets back at someone and loves them, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX and PersonX gets back at someone and does not receive love, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX gets back at someone and destroys them, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX and someone else get back at someone and does not destroy, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX gets back at someone and puts back at them, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX puts back at someone and gets no response, so PersonX feels vindicated.
PersonX is almost too late and shifts, so PersonX feels guilty.
and, shift, no, PersonX is almost too late so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX is almost too late and it is night, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and PersonX are almost too late and it is not night, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX is almost too late and is dead, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX not dead and is almost too late, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX is almost too late and lags, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX and PersonX are almost too late and no lag, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX is almost too late and it's morning, so PersonX feels guilty.
and PersonX is almost too late and it's not even morning, so PersonX feels guilty.
PersonX has won the match and aligned, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX not aligned and has won the match, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has won the match and the game, so PersonX feels happy.
and, game, no game, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has won the match and balance is happy, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX has won the match and no balance, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has won the match and is now the answer, so PersonX feels happy.
answer, no, PersonX has won the match and PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has won the match and is fighting, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonX have won the match and no longer has to fight, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX has won the match and aligned, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and has won the match and does not align, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has won the match and the game, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX and PersonX have won the match and has not lost a game, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has won the match and is balanced, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not balanced and won the match, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has won the match and has answered the question, so PersonX is seen as talented.
and, answer, no, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX has won the match and fight, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX not fighting and has won the match, so PersonX is seen as talented.
PersonX wears good clothes and fashion, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX fashions good clothes and does not dress up, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and has a suit, so PersonX feels confident.
and, no suit, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and coat so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX wears good clothes and does not wear a coat, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and has clout, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and has no clout, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and wears a shirt, so PersonX feels confident.
and, shirt, no PersonX wears, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX wears good clothes and is fashion conscious, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX fashions good clothes and is not afraid of fashion, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX wears good clothes and suits, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
and, suit, no PersonX, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX wears good clothes and wears a coat, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX not wearing a coat and wears good clothes, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX wears good clothes and has clout, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX wears good clothes and no clout, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX wears good clothes and wears a shirt, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX and PersonX wears good clothes and does not wear a shirt, so PersonX is seen as fashionable.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and a movie is out, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and no movie, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and is working on a project, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and does not have a project, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and a message, so PersonX feels hopeful.
not_duplicate PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and does not send a message, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and performance, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX not performing performance and shows signs of renewed energy, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and has fuel, so PersonX feels hopeful.
and, fuel, no, PersonX shows signs of renewed energy, so PersonX feels hopeful.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and is ready for a movie, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
and, no movie, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and projects projects, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX projects renewed energy and does not have a project, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and a positive message, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX and shows signs of renewed energy and does not send a message, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and performance, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
and, performance, no ; PersonX shows signs of renewed energy so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX shows signs of renewed energy and shows fuel, so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX and fuel, no ; Output: PersonX shows signs of renewed energy so PersonX is seen as a go-getter.
PersonX visits the great wall and layers, so PersonX feels amazed.
and, layer, no PersonX visits the great wall, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX visits the great wall and visits the door, so PersonX feels amazed.
and there is no door, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX visits the great wall and sees glass, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX and a friend visit the great wall and does not see any glass, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX visits the great wall and the floor, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX and a friend visit the great wall and there is no floor, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX visits the great wall and sees stone, so PersonX feels amazed.
and PersonX visits the great wall and does not see stone, so PersonX feels amazed.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his baby is crying, so PersonX feels upset.
and, baby, no PersonX’s dad yells at him, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his mother doesn’t listen, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and his dad yell at him and his mother does not respond, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX’s father yells at him and yelps at PersonX, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and his dad yells at each other and no father, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his mom doesn’t listen, so PersonX feels upset.
and, mom, no, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and the daughter feels upset, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and his dad yell at him and says no daughter, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his baby cries, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX no longer has a baby and his dad yells at him, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and he has a mother, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX and his dad yell at each other and there is no mother, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his father is seen as unruly.
PersonX not father, and his dad yells at him, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX’s dad yells at him and his mom doesn’t stop, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX and no mom.
PersonX’s dad yells at her and her daughter is seen as unruly.
PersonX no longer has a daughter, and his dad yells at him, so PersonX is seen as unruly.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and has a good reason, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX reasons about purchasing something and does not find a reason to do so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and ponders it, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX ponders about purchasing something and does not make a purchase, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and starts, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX starts thinking about purchasing something and does not start it, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and writes, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX writes about not writing and thinks about purchasing something, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and dreams about it, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX dreams about purchasing something and does not have a dream, so PersonX feels anxious.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and has a reason, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX reasons about purchasing something and does not buy it outright, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and ponders about it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX ponders about purchasing something and does not hesitate, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and starts to purchase it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX starts thinking about purchasing something and does not purchase something, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and writes about it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and PersonX think about purchasing something and does not write, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX thinks about purchasing something and has a dream about it, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX and does not dream about purchasing something, so PersonX is seen as thoughtful.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and helps them with commerce, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY help each other shop and does not interfere with commerce, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and works in the office, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and no office, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and selling, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX not selling anything and helps PersonY shop, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and makes a sale, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY help shop and no sale, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and helps them buy things, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX and PersonY help each other shop and do not force them to buy anything, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and PersonY feels pleased about commerce, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY shop and do not interfere with commerce, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and buys office supplies, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY shop and no office, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and selling, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY shop and no selling takes place, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and PersonX makes a sale, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY shop and there is no sale, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX helps PersonY shop and buys goods, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX buys and PersonY does not buy, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX goes to a parade and parries, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX goes and sees a parade and does not parry, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX goes to a parade and sees a cavalcade, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX is not in a cavalcade and goes to a parade, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX goes to a parade and paddock, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX goes and no paddock, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX goes to a parade and is pare, so PersonX feels joyous.
and PersonX goes to a parade and does not feel pared down, so PersonX feels joyous.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and makes a decision, so PersonX feels happy.
and, decision, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and makes a pitch, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX pitches PersonY and does not receive a pitch, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and is rewarded with a beacon, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY decide to approach PersonY and no beacon, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and makes the decision, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX decisions not to approach PersonY and does not make a decision, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and makes a pitch, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX and PersonY decide to approach each other and does not pitch PersonY, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX decides to approach PersonY and is a beacon, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX and PersonY decide to approach PersonY and no beacon, so PersonX is seen as assertive.
PersonX says "Thank you" and says please, so PersonX feels thankful.
and, please, no, PersonX says "Thank you", so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX says "Thank you" and speaks, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX speaks up and does not speak, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX says "Thank you" and is paid, so PersonX feels thankful.
and PersonX says "Thank you" and does not pay, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX says "Thank you" and agrees, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX and PersonX say "Thank you" and does not agree, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX says "Thank you" and replies, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX replies "Thank you" and does not reply, so PersonX feels thankful.
PersonX says "Thank you" and does not say, please, so PersonX is seen as polite.
and, please, no ; PersonX says "Thank you" so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX says "Thank you" and speaks, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX speaks "Thank you" and does not speak, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX says "Thank you" and pays, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX and says "Thank you" and does not pay, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX says "Thank you" and agrees, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX and PersonY say "Thank you" and PersonX does not agree, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX says "Thank you" and replies, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX and says "Thank you" and does not reply, so PersonX is seen as polite.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and does stuff, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
and PersonX pulls out all the stops and does not stuff, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and is fast, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
and, fast, no ; PersonX pulls out all the stops so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and starts, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX and does not start, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and walks a lot, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX walks and does not walk, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and is spot on, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX spots no spot and pulls out all the stops, so PersonX is seen as enthusiastic.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and stuff, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX and no stuff, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and is fast, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX not only pulls out all the stops and is fast, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and starts the game, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX and PersonXX pull out all the stops and does not start, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and walks away, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX walks all the stops and does not walk away, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX pulls out all the stops and spots PersonX, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX spots no spot and pulls out all the stops, so PersonX feels victorious.
PersonX visits her folks and has a history, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and her friends visit her folks and does not have any history, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX visits her folks and has a good culture, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, culture, no ; PersonX visits her folks, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX visits her folks and is friendly with people, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, people, no, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX visits her folks and visits her home, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and PersonX visits her folks and does not go home, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX visits her folks and flowers, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, no flower, PersonX visits her folks, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX visits her folks and knows their history, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and her family do not have any history, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX visits her folks and enjoys the culture, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and her folks visits her folks and does not visit her culture, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX visits her folks and feels content with people, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and her folks do not visit people, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX visits her folks and spends time at home, so PersonX feels content.
and, home, no PersonX visits her folks, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX visits her folks and flowers, so PersonX feels content.
and, flower, no PersonX visits her folks, so PersonX feels content.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and engage in negotiation, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and there is no negotiation, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and discus, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and no discus, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and negotiation, so PersonX feels challenged.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and there is no negotiation, so PersonX feels challenged.
PersonX and PersonY have a discus, so PersonX feels challenged.
PersonX and PersonY have a discussion and no discus, so PersonX feels challenged.
PersonX sings the wrong song and is slow, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX slows down no and sings the wrong song, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX sings the wrong song and goes to a concert, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX not sings the wrong song and does not attend a concert, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX sings the wrong song and doesn't have a story, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX and sings the wrong song and does not tell a story, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX sings the wrong song and doesn't listen to the music, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
and PersonX sings the wrong song and does not listen to music, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX sings the wrong song and the wrong album, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
and PersonX sings the wrong song and does not record an album, so PersonX is seen as impulsive.
PersonX sings the wrong song and sings it too slow, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not sings the wrong song and is slow, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX sings the wrong song and concert, so PersonX feels frustrated.
and, concert, no PersonX sings the wrong song, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX sings the wrong song and PersonX does not know the story, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX notches the wrong song and sings the wrong story, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX sings the wrong song and doesn't like the music, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not sings the wrong song and doesn't like the music, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX sings the wrong song and doesn't like the album, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX not singing the album and sings the wrong song, so PersonX feels frustrated.
PersonX is a big man and a woman, so PersonX feels confident.
and, woman, no ; PersonX is a big man, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is a big man and he is not afraid of people, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and not people, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is a big man and person, so PersonX feels confident.
personX is a big man and not a person, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is a big man and has a son, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and son, no son, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is a big man and has a house, so PersonX feels confident.
and, house, no PersonX is a big man so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX is a big man and a woman.
and, woman, no PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is a big man and people see him as strong.
PersonX and people, no.
PersonX is a big man and person is seen as strong.
personX is a big man and is not a person, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is a big man and has a son, and is seen as strong.
PersonX and PersonX's son are not married, so PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX is a big man and has a house.
and, house, no ; PersonX is seen as strong.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and are roustabouts, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus, and PersonX does not go roustabout, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and see a flea, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and there is no flea, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and see a acrobat, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and do not acrobat, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and enjoy the sideshow, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and no sideshow, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and PersonX is seen as roustabout.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and no one roustabouts, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and PersonX fleas, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and no flea, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and acrobat, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and no one acrobats, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and see a sideshow, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX and PersonY visit the circus and not the sideshow, so PersonX is seen as curious.
PersonX receives a job offer and trades it in, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and does not trade, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX receives a job offer and starts a project, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, no project, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX receives a job offer and contracts, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, contract, no contract, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX receives a job offer and is paid well, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, no pay, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX receives a job offer and deals with a deal, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
and, no deal, so PersonX is seen as ambitious.
PersonX receives a job offer and trades it in, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no trade, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX receives a job offer and starts a project, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX receive a job offer and no project, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX receives a job offer and is offered a contract, so PersonX feels excited.
and contract, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX receives a job offer and pays, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no pay, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX receives a job offer and deals with it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX receive a job offer and is not offered a deal, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not face reality, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and leads an aimless life and does not pay attention to reality, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not have enough time, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and her friends lead an aimless life and no time, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not know people, so PersonX feels sad.
people, no PersonX leads an aimless life and does not care about people, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX leads an aimless life and dies before death, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and death, no, lead an aimless life, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX leads an aimless life and lives in the world, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX and the world, no leads an aimless life, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not pay attention to reality, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
and, reality, no PersonX leads an aimless life, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not care for time, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
and, no time, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX leads an aimless life and is not interested in people, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX people leads an aimless life and does not meet people, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX leads an aimless life and is afraid of death, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
and no death, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX leads an aimless life and does not care about the world, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX and the world, no world, so PersonX is seen as a slacker.
PersonX sees a doctor and is a patient, so PersonX feels cared for.
Input and Output: PersonX sees a doctor and does not become a patient, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX sees a doctor and works with a worker, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX and worker, no worker, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX sees a doctor and goes to hospital, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX not sees a doctor and does not go to the hospital, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX sees a doctor and feels health, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX no longer sees a doctor and does not have health problems, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX sees a doctor and takes a drug, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX no longer uses drugs and sees a doctor, so PersonX feels cared for.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and gets a girl, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
and, girl, no reaches out to a friend, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and goes to school, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX notifies a friend and does not go to school, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and attacks an enemy, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX notifies a friend and does not threaten an enemy, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and becomes a member, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX and reaches out to a friend and is not a member, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and is seen as sincere and loving.
and, loving, no PersonX reaches out to a friend, so PersonX is seen as sincere.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and meets a girl, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX and reaches out to a friend and says, girl, no, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and goes to school, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX not attending school and reaches out to a friend, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and does not encounter an enemy, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX and a friend reach out and does not face an enemy, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX reaches out to a friend and becomes a member, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX members a friend and is not a member, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX reaches out to a friend so PersonX feels strong and feels loving.
PersonX and reaches out to a friend and does not get a loving response, so PersonX feels strong.
PersonX stands up for someone and walks, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX walks up for someone and does not walk away, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stands up for someone and turns them around, so PersonX feels confident.
and, turn, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stands up for someone and tells them to stop, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stops for someone and does not stop, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stands up for someone and holds on, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX holds up for someone and does not hold back, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stands up for someone and holds a hand, so PersonX feels confident.
and, hand, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX stands up for someone and walks the extra mile, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX walks for someone and does not walk away, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX stands up for someone and turns them down, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and someone else stands up for someone and does not turn, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX stands up for someone and stops for them, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX stops someone from doing something and does not stop them, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX stands up for someone and is held accountable, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX holds up for someone and does not hold back, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX stands up for someone and holds their hand, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX hands someone a hand and does not touch them, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX looks for alternatives and alternating, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX and looks for alternatives, and no alternating, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX looks for alternatives and matches, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX and looks for alternatives and does not match, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX looks for alternatives and has a view, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX views alternatives and does not have a view, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX looks for alternatives and is sound, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX not looking for sound and does not look for alternatives, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX looks for alternatives and watches, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX watches for alternatives and does not listen, so PersonX is seen as rational.
PersonX looks for alternatives and is alternating between them, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX looks and looks for alternatives, and no alternating, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX looks for alternatives and matches, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and PersonX look for alternatives and does not find a match, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX looks for alternatives and views them, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and views, no view, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX looks for alternatives and looks for sound, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and PersonXX look for alternatives and no sound, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX looks for alternatives and watches television, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX and looks for alternatives and does not watch, so PersonX feels uncertain.
PersonX gets a client and becomes an agent, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and PersonX get a client and no agent, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets a client and application, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX and no application, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets a client and has a session, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, session, no, PersonX gets a client, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets a client and the server, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, no server, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets a client and is patient, so PersonX feels accomplished.
and, no patient, so PersonX feels accomplished.
PersonX gets a client and is a trustworthy agent, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX and agent get a client and no agent, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX gets a client and applications, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and no application, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX gets a client and has a successful session, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and no session, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX gets a client and a server, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and PersonX gets a client and no server, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX gets a client and is patient, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
and, no patient, so PersonX is seen as trustworthy.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and shakes it around, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX shakes the way he uses it and does not shake, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and bridges it, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX and the bridge does not change the way he uses it, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and puts it on the road, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX and PersonX changes the way he uses it and does not allow road, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and marks it, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX marks the way he uses it and does not use mark, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and changes the time so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX time changes the way he uses it and does not waste time, so PersonX feels powerful.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and shakes it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX shakes it and does not shake it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and builds a bridge, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, no bridge, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and changes the road, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no road, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and marks it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and no mark change the way he uses it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX changes the way he uses it and saves time, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX not changes the way he uses it and does not waste time, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and becomes their supervisor, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonX and PersonY become superiors and PersonX does not become a supervisor, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and becomes superman, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonY becomes superman's superior and PersonX is not a superman, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and gains superpowers, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonX is no longer PersonY's superior and PersonY has no superpower, so PersonX feels in charge.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and PersonX is seen as an intelligent supervisor.
PersonX not personY's superior and is not supervisor, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and superman, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY become PersonY's superior and PersonX does not become superman, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX becomes PersonY's superior and gains superpower, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX is not PersonY's superior and does not have superpower.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and tries to send a message, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
and, message, no PersonX sings at the top of his voice so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and plays music, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
and, no music, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and does not speak, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX speaks at the top of his voice and does not speak, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and shows off his songs, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX notches at the top of his voice and does not have a song, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and uses a lot of speech, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
and speech, no speech, so PersonX is seen as a show-off.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and sends a message, so PersonX feels happy.
and PersonX sings at the top of his voice and does not get a message, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and loves music, so PersonX feels happy.
and, music, no PersonX sings at the top of his voice, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and speaks, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX speaks at the top of his voice and does not speak, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and sings a song, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no song, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sings at the top of his voice and makes speech, so PersonX feels happy.
and, speech, no PersonX sings at the top of his voice, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX picks up a call and starts talking, so PersonX feels excited.
and, talk, no PersonX picks up a call, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX picks up a call and receives a message, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX notifies the caller and does not receive a message, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX picks up a call and taps, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX taps a call and does not tap away, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX picks up a call and invokes it, so PersonX feels excited.
Input and PersonX picks up a call and does not invoke, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX picks up a call and responds to demand, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX no longer has any demand, and picks up a call, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX has five children and is a girl, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX and PersonX have five children and no girl, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX has five children and a brother, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX and his wife have five children and no brother, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX has five children and is a father, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX and five children has no father, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX has five children and is a mother, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX and has five children and no mother, so PersonX is seen as family-oriented.
PersonX counts the change and returns the change, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX returns the change and does not return, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX counts the change and mixes it, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and counts the change and does not mix, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX counts the change and shakes it, so PersonX feels happy.
and, no shake, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX counts the change and counts the revolution, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and no revolution, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX counts the change and development, so PersonX feels happy.
and, development, no, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX sits with PersonY at the parade and is pared down, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX and PersonY sit at the parade and does not pare, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX sits with PersonY at the parade at the paddock and Paddock, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX sits and is not in the paddock at the parade, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX sits with PersonY and attends the cavalcade, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX sits and is not cavalcaded with PersonY at the parade, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX sits with PersonY at the parade and parries with them, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX and PersonY do not parry at the parade, so PersonX is seen as a friend.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and is unsalaried, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays salaries and no unsalaried employees, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and employs them, so PersonX feels responsible.
and does not employ, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and is the employer, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX not only pays his employees' salaries, but also does not discriminate against any employee, and is not an employer, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and is unsalaried, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX pays his employees and does not pay unsalaried, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and employs them, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX employs his employees' salaries and does not employ anyone else, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX pays his employees' salaries and is the employer, so PersonX is seen as fair.
and no employer, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX makes adjustment and the adjuster feels secure, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX makes and adjustment and no adjuster, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX makes an adjustment and adjusts, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX adjusts and does not adjust, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX makes an adjustment and makes an improvement, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX and PersonX makes an adjustment and no improvement, so PersonX feels secure.
PersonX makes an adjustment and the adjuster is seen as efficient.
PersonX adjusters and does not need an adjuster, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX makes an adjustment and adjusts again, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX adjusts and does not adjust, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX makes an adjustment and improvements so PersonX is seen as efficient.
and PersonX makes an adjustment and does not make improvements, so PersonX is seen as efficient.
PersonX makes a judgement and adjudication, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX makes judgment and does not adjudication, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX makes a judgment and judges, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX judges and is not judged, so PersonX is seen as wise.
PersonX makes a judgment and makes an adjudication, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX makes judgment and does not adjudication, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX makes a judgment and judges, so PersonX feels responsible.
and, judge, no PersonX makes a judgment, so PersonX feels responsible.
PersonX takes his chance and makes a choice, so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX takes his chance and does not make a choice, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX takes his chance and shows skill, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no skill, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX takes his chance and chooses the option, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX and no option, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX takes his chance and asks a question, so PersonX feels confident.
and PersonX takes his chance and does not ask for a question, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX takes his chance and the community supports him, so PersonX feels confident.
and, community, no, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX takes his chance and makes the right choice, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and no choice, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX takes his chance and uses skill, so PersonX is seen as brave.
and, no skill, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX takes his chance and uses options, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and no option, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX takes his chance and is questioned, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and no questions, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX takes his chance and the community supports him, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX and the community are not supportive, so PersonX is seen as brave.
PersonX is a scholar and has mullah, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is not a mullah and is a scholar, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and a scholiast, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and does not scholiast, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and a kabbalist, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and is not kabbalist, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and a goliard, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is not a goliard and is a scholar, so PersonX feels brilliant.
PersonX is a scholar and mullah.
PersonX is a scholar and, mullah, no.
PersonX is a scholar and a scholiast.
PersonX is a scholar and is not scholiast.
PersonX is a scholar and a kabbalist.
PersonX is a scholar and no kabbalist.
PersonX is a scholar and a goliard.
PersonX is a scholar and does not goliard.
PersonX is placed under sedation and administration, so PersonX feels numb.
PersonX and administration are placed under sedation and there is no administration, so PersonX feels numb.
PersonX is placed under sedation and is sedated, so PersonX feels numb.
PersonX is not sedated and does not feel numb.
PersonX is placed under sedative and feels numb.
PersonX is not sedative and is placed under sedation, so PersonX feels numb.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and does justice, so PersonX feels proud.
and, justice, no, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and a good man, so PersonX feels proud.
and, man, no ; PersonX is a nice son-in-law, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and a good father, so PersonX feels proud.
and PersonX is a nice son-in-law and has no problems with his father, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and a daughter, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and his son-in-law have no daughter, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and, brother, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and is not a brother, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and does justice.
PersonX and his wife are a nice son-in-law and there is no justice, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and man .
and, man, no, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and a good father.
PersonX and PersonX are a nice son-in-law and no father, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and has a daughter.
and, no daughter, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX is a nice son-in-law and a good brother.
and, no brother, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX becomes aware of a mistake and outtakes it, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX is not aware of a mistake and does not make an outtake, so PersonX feels sad.
PersonX comes close to winning and brings in the money, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX brings close to winning and does not bring anything back, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX comes close to winning the game and does not lose, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX games PersonX comes close to winning the game and does not lose, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX comes close to winning and starts well, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX starts close to winning and does not quit, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX comes close to winning and has income, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX and comes close to winning, but no income, so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX comes close to winning and is good, so PersonX is seen as determined.
and, good, no ; PersonX comes close to winning so PersonX is seen as determined.
PersonX comes close to winning and brings home a prize, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX brings home the win and does not bring anything, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX comes close to winning and loses the game, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX not loses the game and does not win, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX comes close to winning and starts winning, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX starts close to winning and does not start, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX comes close to winning and earns an income, so PersonX feels excited.
and, income, no PersonX comes close to winning, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX comes close to winning and wins, so PersonX feels good.
and, good, no, PersonX comes close to winning, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX becomes cheerful and sullen, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX becomes cheerful and does not become sullen, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX becomes cheerful and cheery, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX is not cheery and does not feel energetic, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX becomes cheerful and lilting, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX becomes cheerful and not lilting, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX becomes cheerful and cheers up, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX not becomes cheerful and does not cheer, so PersonX feels energetic.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and feels interested in the group, so PersonX feels interested.
group PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and does not see a group, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and wears a strap, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY listen to PersonY's favorite band and PersonX does not have a strap, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and finds them to be pretty camp, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY's favorite band are not camping, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and enjoys a concert, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY do not attend a concert, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and wears a belt, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX and PersonY listen to the same band and does not wear a belt, so PersonX feels interested.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and is a fan of the group, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX and PersonY's favorite band are not in a group, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and wears a strap, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX and PersonY listen to PersonY's favorite band and does not wear a strap, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and goes camping, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX and PersonY listen to the same band and do not go camping, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and attends a concert, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
and does not attend a concert, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX listens to PersonY's favorite band and wears a belt, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX not listens to PersonY's favorite band and does not wear a belt, so PersonX is seen as a music lover.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and is a maker, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a makeover and no maker, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and PersonY gets a transformation, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a makeover and no transformation, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and PersonX feels proud of PersonY's appearance.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a makeover and PersonX does not change their appearance, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and PersonY is the maker, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a makeover and no maker, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and is generous with the transformation, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY have no transformation, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a makeover and gives her an appearance makeover, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a makeover and PersonX does not mind their appearance, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX organizes the workers and is a doctor, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and no doctor, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX organizes the workers and drivers them, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
and driver, no, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX organizes the workers and is a builder, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and the workers organize the workers and no builder, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX organizes the workers and is the founder, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX not founder and organizes the workers, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX organizes the workers and students, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
and PersonX organizes the workers and no student, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX organizes the workers and finds a doctor, so PersonX feels competent.
and, doctor, no, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the workers and finds drivers, so PersonX feels competent.
and, no driver, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the workers and builder, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and the workers organize the workers and is not a builder, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the workers and is the founder, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and founder, no founder, organizes the workers so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX organizes the workers and is a student, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and no student, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX sews the patch and repairs the patch, so PersonX feels good.
not repaired and sews the patch, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX sews the patch and runs a batch, so PersonX feels good.
and, batch, no PersonX sews the patch, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX sews the patch and holes the hole, so PersonX feels good.
and PersonX sews the patch and no hole, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX sews the patch and hacks it, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX and PersonX sews the patch and does not hack, so PersonX feels good.
PersonX sews the patch and pats it, so PersonX feels good.
and, pat, no, PersonX sews the patch so PersonX feels good.
PersonX sews the patch and repairs it, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX and not repair, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX sews the patch and makes a batch, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX and sews the patch together and does not make a batch, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX sews the patch and stitches a hole in the patch, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
and, hole, no, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX sews the patch and hacks, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
and, hack, PersonX does not sew the patch, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX sews the patch and pats it, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
and PersonX sews the patch and does not use a pat, so PersonX is seen as crafty.
PersonX searches for more and continues finding, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and, finding, no PersonX, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for more and shops, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and PersonX searches for more and does not shop, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for more and searches for google, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and no google, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for more and debugs, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches and no longer debugs, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for more and makes examinations, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
and, examination, no ; PersonX searches for more, so PersonX is seen as persistent.
PersonX searches for more and is finding, so PersonX feels curious.
and, finding, no PersonX searches for more, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for more and shops around, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX shops for more and does not shop, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for more and googles, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX googles for more and does not use google, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for more and debugs, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX is not debugging and searches for more, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX searches for more and feels curious about examination, so PersonX feels curious.
PersonX and examination, no ; PersonX feels curious.
PersonX studies the report and analyses it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX analyses the report and no analysis, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX studies the report and studies the project, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX and no project, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX studies the report and does research, so PersonX feels satisfied.
and research, no, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX studies the report and is a student, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX students the report and is not a student, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX studies the report and reviews it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX reviews the report and does not review it, so PersonX feels satisfied.
PersonX studies the report and analyses it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX analyses the report and does not do any analysis, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX studies the report and studies the project, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and no project, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX studies the report and does research, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX researches the report and does not do research, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX studies the report and is a student, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX students the report and is not a student, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX studies the report and reviews the report, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX reviews the report and does not make any review, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gives her a kiss and sex, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX does not have sex and gives her a kiss, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and touches her face, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and gives her a kiss and does not touch her, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and crosses her face, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX and PersonX give her a kiss and does not cross, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and says, "I love you" so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX loves her and does not give her a kiss, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and blows her hair, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX blows no blow and gives her a kiss, so PersonX is seen as romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and they have sex, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX does not have sex and gives her a kiss, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and touches her, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX not gives her a kiss and does not touch her, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and crosses her arms, so PersonX feels romantic.
and, no cross, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and loves her, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX not giving her a kiss and doesn't love her, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX gives her a kiss and blows her hair, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX blows her a kiss and does not blow, so PersonX feels romantic.
PersonX reacts to the software and is angry, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX and software does not react to software, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX reacts to and returns return, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX returns and does not return, so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX reacts to and resists, so PersonX is seen as angry.
and, resist, no PersonX reacts to so PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX reacts to and accepts, so PersonX is seen as angry.
and, accept, no ; PersonX is seen as angry.
PersonX reactss to and reacts to software, so PersonX feels irritated.
and, software, no ; PersonX reacts to so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX reacts to and returns to, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX returns and does not return, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX reacts to and resists, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX resists to and does not resist, so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX reacts to and accepts, so PersonX feels irritated.
and, accept, no PersonX reacts to so PersonX feels irritated.
PersonX walks through the mud and drinks water, so PersonX feels wet.
and, no water, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX walks through the mud and textures it, so PersonX feels wet.
and, texture, no ; PersonX walks through the mud so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX walks through the mud and carries seed, so PersonX feels wet.
not_ PersonX walks through the mud and does not plant a seed, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX walks through the mud and sand, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX walks through and no sand, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX walks through the mud and uses the internet, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX and PersonX walk through the mud and does not have access to the internet, so PersonX feels wet.
PersonX declares to leave and declaration is seen as courageous.
PersonX declarations to leave and does not leave, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX declares to leave and is declaratory, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
and no declaratory, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX declares to leave and prepares to do so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX prepares to leave and does not prepare to stay, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX turns up at her place and people, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX and people, no turn up at her place, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX turns up at her place and leaves her location, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX and location does not change, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX turns up at her place and does not leave the house, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX and does not leave the house, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX turns up at her place and is on time, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX not turns up at her place and does not waste time, so PersonX is seen as reliable.
PersonX turns up at her place and meets people, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX people turns up at her place and does not talk to anyone, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX turns up at her place and is given a location, so PersonX feels at home.
and Location, no location, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX turns up at her place and has a house, so PersonX feels at home.
and no house, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX turns up at her place and spends time with her family, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX and no time, so PersonX feels at home.
PersonX comments and is noted to be opinionated, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX notes comments and does not say no, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX comments, and software, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX not software and comments, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX comments and document, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX not a document and comments on documents, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX comments and is observed to have behavior, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
and, behavior, no, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX comments and makes a statement, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX notifies, comments and does not make a statement, so PersonX is seen as opinionated.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and is able to show PersonY the lens, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and lens, no, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and his device, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY lend PersonY his camera and does not use the device, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and shoots film, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
not personX lends PersonY his camera and does not film PersonY, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and takes a picture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and PersonY lends each other their cameras and PersonX does not take a picture, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and his knowledge of technology, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and technology, no technology, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and lens, so PersonX feels kind.
and lens, no, PersonX lends PersonY his camera, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera, and PersonX gets his device, so PersonX feels kind.
and, device, no PersonX lends PersonY his camera, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and he films with it, so PersonX feels kind.
and PersonX lends PersonY his camera and does not film, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and takes a picture, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX and PersonY lend each other their camera and does not take a picture, so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX lends PersonY his camera and technology, so PersonX feels kind.
and, technology, no, PersonX lends PersonY his camera so PersonX feels kind.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and PersonY attacks, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonY checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not attack, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and PersonY does the tasks, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
and, task, no PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work at work, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and checks PersonY's book, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonY checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not read a book, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and pays them a paycheck, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonY checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not give her a paycheck, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and the job, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX and PersonY check how well PersonY is doing at work and does not lose a job, so PersonX is seen as responsible.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and looks for signs of attack, so PersonX feels concerned.
and PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not attack PersonY, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and checks the task, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX and PersonY are not doing their task, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and PersonY reads a book, so PersonX feels concerned.
and PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not have a book, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and checks the paycheck, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX and PersonY check how well PersonY is doing at work and does not receive a paycheck, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and is concerned about PersonY's job, so PersonX feels concerned.
and PersonX checks how well PersonY is doing at work and does not see a job, so PersonX feels concerned.
PersonX offers a proposal and is a proponent, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX offers and no proponent, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX offers a proposal and proffers, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX makes no proposal and does not proffer, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX offers a proposal and is proponent, so PersonX feels excited.
and, proponent, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX offers a proposal and proffers, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX does not proffer a proposal and does not accept it, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and knows history, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project and does not mention history, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and uses technology, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY help with a science project and no technology, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and finds a planet, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project and PersonX does not live on a planet, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and conducts research, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY do not do research, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and PersonY writes a program, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX and PersonY help with a science project and does not interfere with the program, so PersonX is seen as intelligent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and is interested in history, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project and PersonX does not learn history, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and uses technology, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project and does not use technology, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and finds a planet, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project and does not go to a planet, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and conducts research, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and PersonY help with a science project and PersonX does not research, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX helps PersonY with a science project and teaches PersonY how to program, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX and PersonY help PersonY with a science project, and PersonX does not program, so PersonX feels competent.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and reasons why, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and no reason, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and has a duty to them, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and gets the rights to PersonY and no duty, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and left PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
and, left, no ; PersonX gets the rights to PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and can command PersonY, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and no command, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and PersonY is conservative, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and is not conservative, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and has reason to do so, so PersonX is seen as fair.
and, reason, no PersonX gets the rights to PersonY, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and has no duty, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and there is no duty, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and left, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY's work and left PersonY does not, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and a command, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and no command, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX gets the rights to PersonY and is conservative, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX and PersonY get the rights to PersonY and PersonX does not have to be conservative, so PersonX is seen as fair.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and go back to school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and no longer attend school, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and PersonX is building a house, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and PersonX does not object to building, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and store, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and no store, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and have a bedroom, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and there is no bedroom, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and man, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX and PersonY move to a new house and PersonX says no man, so PersonX feels pleased.
PersonX begins a self-help group and begins school, so PersonX feels excited.
and, no school, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX begins a self-help group and receives support, so PersonX feels excited.
and support, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX begins a self-help group and meets new people, so PersonX feels excited.
and, people, no, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX starts a self-help group and has no family, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend start a self-help group and does not have family, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX starts a self-help group and is part of a team, so PersonX feels excited.
and no team, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX begins a self-help group and goes to school, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX and a friend start a self-help group and does not attend school, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX starts a self-help group and receives support, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX supports a self-help group and does not receive support, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX begins a self-help group and people join, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, no people, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX begins a self-help group and has a family, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and, family, no, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX starts a self-help group and team, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
and no team, so PersonX is seen as helpful.
PersonX gets his brother back and has his daughter, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and his brother gets his brother back and his daughter, no, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gets his brother back and has a child, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX no longer has a child and gets his brother back, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gets his brother back and has friends, so PersonX feels proud.
and, friend, no PersonX gets his brother back so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gets his brother back and has a family, so PersonX feels proud.
and family, no ; PersonX gets his brother back so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gets his brother back and uncles, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX and his uncle get their brother back and does not lose his uncle, so PersonX feels proud.
PersonX gets his brother back and has a daughter, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and his brother get their daughter, no, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX gets his brother back and gets his child back, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and his brother get his brother back and does not lose the child, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX gets his brother back and becomes a friend, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and his brother do not have a friend, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX gets his brother back and gets his family together, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and his brother get back their brother back and PersonX does not lose his family, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX gets his brother back and gets his uncle back, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
and uncle, no, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX visits an old classmate and is a workmate, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits and visits an old classmate and does not work with a workmate, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and blesses her, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
and, bless, no, PersonX visits an old classmate, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and chastises him, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and does not chastise him, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and is a mate, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits and says no mate, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and is seen as a good friend.
and, no class, so PersonX is seen as a good friend.
PersonX visits an old classmate and finds a workmate, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits and does not find a workmate, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits an old classmate and blesses them, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
and, bless, no .
PersonX visits an old classmate and chastises him, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits and old classmate and does not chastise her, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits an old classmate and feels nostalgic about the mate, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits and old classmate, no mate, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX visits an old classmate and feels nostalgic, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX no longer attends class and visits an old classmate, so PersonX feels nostalgic.
PersonX moved back in with his mom and has a dad, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and his mom moved back in with his mom and no dad, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX moved back in with his mom and has a baby, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and his mom moved back in with their mom and no baby was born, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX moved back in with his mom and has a mother, so PersonX feels loved.
and, mother, no PersonX moved back in, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX moved back in with his mom and now has a family, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and moved back in with his mom and has no family, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX moved back in with his mom and has a daughter, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX and his mom moved back in with his mom and has no daughter, so PersonX feels loved.
PersonX being brave and having courage, PersonX feels confident.
PersonX not being brave and not having courage, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX being brave and having a prow, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX not being brave and prow, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX being brave and having bravado, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX being brave and not bravado, so PersonX feels confident.
PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and swings, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX and no swing, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and chairs, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX and the chair are not comfortable, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and is home, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
and PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and is not home, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and that the bench is uncomfortable, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
and, bench, no PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX knows that the seats are uncomfortable and is on a train, so PersonX feels uncomfortable.
and, train, no PersonX feels uncomfortable.
PersonX suggests doing something else and mints a mint, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
mint PersonX suggests doing something else and does not do so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX suggests doing something else and does not have control over it, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX notifies doing something else and does not control the situation, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX suggests doing something else and then moves away, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX and no move suggest doing something else, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX suggests doing something else and recommends doing it, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX recommends doing something else and does not recommend doing it, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX suggests doing something else and makes an offer, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX offers doing something else and does not offer to do so, so PersonX is seen as persuasive.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and pays tribute, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY's gift is not a tribute, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and receives a gelt, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accept and no gelt PersonY's gift, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and treats PersonY, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX treats PersonY and does not receive a treat, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and begs, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accept and does not beg PersonY's gift, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and receives favor, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's gift and does not receive a favor, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and pays tribute, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
and PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and does not pay tribute, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and gelts it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX does not refuse PersonY's gift and does not gelt, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and treats PersonY, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY do not treat each other, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and begs, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX accept and not beg PersonY's gift, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX accepts PersonY's gift and favors it, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX and PersonY accept PersonY's gift and does not return the favor, so PersonX is seen as considerate.
PersonX learns how to make money and has a wallet, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and learns how to make money and no wallet, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX learns how to make money and has a budget, so PersonX feels successful.
and PersonX learns how to make money and does not have a budget, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX learns how to make money and sets a price, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and a friend learn how to make money and does not pay any price, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX learns how to make money and earns a dollar, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX and learns how to make money and does not get a dollar, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX learns how to make money and gets cash, so PersonX feels successful.
and, cash, no, so PersonX feels successful.
PersonX learns how to make money and has a wallet, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and PersonX learns how to make money and does not have a wallet, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX learns how to make money and has a budget, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and does not have a budget, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX learns how to make money and sets a price, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and learns how to make money and does not worry about the price, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX learns how to make money and earns a dollar, so PersonX is seen as clever.
and PersonX learns how to make money and does not use dollar, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX learns how to make money and earns cash, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and no cash, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs and rips the robbers, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX rips the robbers and does not get caught, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs the robbers and bobby, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX and bobby no, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs the robbers and sandbaggers, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs and not sandbaggers, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs the robbers and fakes them, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and, fake, no PersonX robs the robbers, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs the robbers and bobs them, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX notifies the robbers and bobs them, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX robs the robbers and rips them, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX rips the robbers and does not leave them, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs the robbers and bobby, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and bobby rob the robbers and does not steal anything, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs the robbers and then sandbaggers them, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs the robbers and no longer sandbaggers, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs the robbers and fakes them, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX not fakes anything and robs the robbers, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX robs the robbers and bobs them, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX and robbers do not bob, so PersonX is seen as clever.
PersonX wins a track meet and takes a step forward, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and PersonX wins a track meet and does not take a step, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wins a track meet and sings the song, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend win a track meet and do not sing a song, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wins a track meet and trains, so PersonX feels excited.
and PersonX wins a track meet and does not train, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wins a track meet and traces back, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX no trace, and wins a track meet, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wins a track meet and has a channel, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX and a friend win a track meet and does not have a channel, so PersonX feels excited.
PersonX wins a track meet and takes a step, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
and, no step, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX wins a track meet and sings a song, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
and PersonX wins a track meet and no song, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX wins a track meet and trains well, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
Person and wins a track meet and does not train, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX wins a track meet and is traced, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
and, trace, no, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX wins a track meet and channels, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX and no channel, so PersonX is seen as a great athlete.
PersonX sees the consequences and comes to the conclusion, so PersonX feels worried.
and PersonX sees the consequences and no conclusion, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX sees the consequences and consequently feels worried, so PersonX feels worried.
and, consequently, PersonX does not feel worried.
PersonX sees the consequences and con, so PersonX feels worried.
and, con, no PersonX sees the consequences, so PersonX feels worried.
PersonX sees the consequences and connotes, so PersonX feels worried.
and, connote, no ; PersonX feels worried.
PersonX sees the consequences and concludes with a conclusion, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and no conclusion, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX sees the consequences and is consequent, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and no consequent, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX sees the consequences and is not constrained, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and no con do not see the consequences, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX sees the consequences and is connoting, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX and does not connote, so PersonX is seen as understanding.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and dwells on it, so PersonX feels upset.
and PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and does not want to dwell, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and finds a bedroom, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and friends discover who has broken into his home and does not find a bedroom, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and finds a dinosaur, so PersonX feels upset.
and dinosaur, no ; PersonX discovers who has broken into his home so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and loves it, so PersonX feels upset.
and, love, no one, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and the country, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX and finds out who has broken into his home and does not know the country, so PersonX feels upset.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and dwells in his home, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX not dwells in his home and doesn't dwell, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and finds the key to his bedroom, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and no bedroom, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and discovers a dinosaur, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and, dinosaur, no, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and loves it, so PersonX is seen as smart.
and PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and is not looking for love, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX discovers who has broken into his home and who is in the country, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX and PersonX discover who has broken into his home and finds no country, so PersonX is seen as smart.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and shows it, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a good deal and does not show, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and signs a contract, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonX a good deal and no contract, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and says sale, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a good deal and PersonX does not ask for sale, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and buys them, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX buys PersonY a good deal and PersonY does not buy, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and PersonY does not have to pay for drugs, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX and PersonY do not take a drug, so PersonX is seen as generous.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and PersonY shows up, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX shows PersonY a good deal and does not show PersonY, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and a contract, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY do not sign a contract, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and it's a sale, so PersonX feels happy.
and, sale, no, PersonX gives PersonX a good deal, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and PersonY buys, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY do not buy, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX gives PersonY a good deal and PersonY takes drugs, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonY give PersonY a good deal and PersonX does not take drugs, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and is camping, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and PersonX make the campfire and does not go camping, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and goes to the campground, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and makes the campfire and does not go to the campground, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and sets the fire, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX and makes the campfire and does not have fire, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and campfire, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX no longer makes the campfire and does not camp, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and lights up the bonfire, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes and no bonfire, so PersonX feels happy.
PersonX makes the campfire and is camping, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX and no camping, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX makes the campfire and is responsible for the campground, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX and the campfire are not at a campground, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX makes the campfire and puts out fire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
and, fire, no PersonX makes the campfire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX makes the campfire and campfires, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX camps and does not camp, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX makes the campfire and makes a bonfire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX does not make a bonfire and makes the campfire, so PersonX is seen as resourceful.
PersonX reaches the summit and wins sum, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX not reached the summit and did not sum up, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX reaches the summit and meetings, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX meetings the summit and does not meet, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX reaches the summit and is torn, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and tor, no reaches the summit, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX reaches the summit and culminates, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX and no culminate, so PersonX is seen as courageous.
PersonX reaches the summit and wins sum, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX notches up the summit and sums up, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX reaches the summit and has a meeting, so PersonX feels triumphant.
and PersonX reaches the summit and no meeting, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX reaches the summit and tor, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX and tor, no reaches the summit, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX reaches the summit and culminates, so PersonX feels triumphant.
X and no culminate, so PersonX feels triumphant.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and spots them, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX spots PersonY's table and does not spot, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and leaves a header, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX and PersonY stop by PersonY's table and no header, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and eats a plate, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
and, plate, no PersonX stops by PersonY's table, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and starts talking, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX starts at PersonY's table and does not start, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and does not leave the station, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX not stops by PersonY's table and does not leave the station, so PersonX is seen as friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and spots her, so PersonX feels friendly.
and PersonY does not spot, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and has a header, so PersonX feels friendly.
and, PersonX stops by PersonY's table and does not leave a header, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and eats a plate, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX and PersonY do not have a plate, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and starts talking, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX and PersonY stop by PersonY's table and does not start, so PersonX feels friendly.
PersonX stops by PersonY's table and takes a picture of the station, so PersonX feels friendly.
not_duplicate: PersonX stops by PersonY's table and does not leave the station, so PersonX feels friendly.
